
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.334198                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                334198398000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5556342854000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 746718                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1366323                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              831839417                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1787240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   401.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     548931553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2078848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2078848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2407424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2407424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        32482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              32482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        37616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             37616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6220401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6220401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7203577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             7203577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13423978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            13423978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      32482                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     37616                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    32482                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   37616                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2055168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  23680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2400448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2078848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2407424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  107                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       46                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 334643125000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                32482                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               37616                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  32108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  2074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  2151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  2171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  2180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  2208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  2183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  2164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  2095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  2060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  2044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  2055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        17444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.423985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.620972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.329578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5139     29.46%     29.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4626     26.52%     55.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3103     17.79%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2292     13.14%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1278      7.33%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          236      1.35%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          119      0.68%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      0.59%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          548      3.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        17444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.144294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.188351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            261     13.12%     13.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             31      1.56%     14.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            28      1.41%     16.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           24      1.21%     17.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1257     63.20%     80.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          222     11.16%     91.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           81      4.07%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           36      1.81%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           20      1.01%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           10      0.50%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      0.25%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.20%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.10%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.10%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.857215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.762828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.205551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1711     86.02%     86.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           19      0.96%     86.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.45%     87.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           12      0.60%     88.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      0.90%     88.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           21      1.06%     89.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           41      2.06%     92.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           18      0.90%     92.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           20      1.01%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.30%     94.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           15      0.75%     95.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            9      0.45%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           16      0.80%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            9      0.45%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.25%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.25%     97.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.85%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.10%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            6      0.30%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.10%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.20%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.15%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            3      0.15%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.15%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.10%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.05%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.05%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.05%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.05%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            2      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1699279749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2301379749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 160560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    52917.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               71667.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        6.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        7.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     7.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  28498                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               75.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4773932.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               103130160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                54814980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              236469660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             117925020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        8745712560.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2879226750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           517416480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21168155550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12561122880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314520066035                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1360906528215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           244.928465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        330474868500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    501723750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1754080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 294207311750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15532355000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1901920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21209017500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                93241260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                49558905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              233535120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             119720700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        7840347840.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2746192170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           456313440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19648566900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10882452480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316224705830                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1358296700985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           244.458763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        332952625750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    450068250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1657524000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 298452108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14461732750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2005485250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20502982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2059264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2059264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2411264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2411264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        32176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              32176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        37676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             37676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6161801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              6161801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7215068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             7215068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13376868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            13376868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      32176                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     37676                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    32176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   37676                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2043968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  15296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2410496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2059264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2411264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   239                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      152                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 337056445500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                32176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               37676                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  31935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  2067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  2144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  2171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  2176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  2221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  2260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  2097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  2060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  2066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  2050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  2002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                   131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        17346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.800646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.198911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.242035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5084     29.31%     29.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4675     26.95%     56.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2965     17.09%     73.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2292     13.21%     86.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1313      7.57%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          229      1.32%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          128      0.74%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      0.56%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          562      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        17346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.262354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.817552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            233     11.87%     11.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      0.82%     12.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            29      1.48%     14.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           25      1.27%     15.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1281     65.26%     80.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          230     11.72%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           80      4.08%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           23      1.17%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.76%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           14      0.71%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      0.25%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.10%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            4      0.20%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.186959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.799409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.508238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1726     87.93%     87.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           12      0.61%     88.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           31      1.58%     90.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           48      2.45%     92.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           38      1.94%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           17      0.87%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           16      0.82%     96.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-47           10      0.51%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           22      1.12%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.20%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.25%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.10%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.10%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.20%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.20%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.20%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.10%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.10%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.10%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            4      0.20%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1635848496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2234667246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 159685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    51221.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               69971.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        7.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     7.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23681                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  28574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               75.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4825294.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               100324140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                53323545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              234906000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             117825840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        8448841440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2860310160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           522462240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    20334474690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12125823360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315178850840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1359978682725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           244.761477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        333129115750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    522548500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1696858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298226095250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15164338250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1913916500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20222507500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                93741060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                49824555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              234341940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             120388860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        7928241360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2820627900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           454690080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19615498920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11004042720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316182073550                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1358505439575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           244.496331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        332848291250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    451567500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1690474000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 298055894750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15064627500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2065791250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20191343000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2057920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2057920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2396544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2396544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        32155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              32155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        37446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             37446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6157779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6157779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7171022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             7171022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13328801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            13328801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      32155                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     37446                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    32155                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   37446                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2044096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  13824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2396096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2057920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2396544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             2013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      110                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 336041479000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                32155                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               37446                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  31939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  2050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  2175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  2166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  2254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  2300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  2094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  2040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  2050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  2028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        16934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.205740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.846052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.863641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4709     27.81%     27.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4656     27.49%     55.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2836     16.75%     72.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2289     13.52%     85.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1418      8.37%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          238      1.41%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          123      0.73%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          100      0.59%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          565      3.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        16934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.233859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.251466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            245     12.46%     12.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             23      1.17%     13.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            30      1.53%     15.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           20      1.02%     16.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1268     64.46%     80.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          217     11.03%     91.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           81      4.12%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           37      1.88%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           14      0.71%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           13      0.66%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            7      0.36%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.05%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.10%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.15%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.15%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.033554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.778433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.589102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1689     85.87%     85.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           33      1.68%     87.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           11      0.56%     88.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.36%     88.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           16      0.81%     89.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           17      0.86%     90.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           39      1.98%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      0.81%     92.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           23      1.17%     94.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.51%     94.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.51%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            9      0.46%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.51%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.31%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.31%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.10%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           20      1.02%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.20%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            6      0.31%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.05%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.15%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.10%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.05%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.05%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.10%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.10%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.10%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.10%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.05%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.05%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.05%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.05%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.05%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            2      0.10%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::116-117            1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::118-119            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1615587248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2214443498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 159695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    50583.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               69333.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        7.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     6.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     7.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   23848                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  28596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               76.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4828112.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                97253940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                51691695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              233085300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             116588700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        8346196560.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2835026670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           489185280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19985762940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11966060160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315498055970                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1359620845185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.697075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        331965748000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    466119000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1678628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 297152984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15067088500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1930984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19868563000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                92327340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                49073145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              233620800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             119715480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        7751839680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2816447520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           433490880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19277841180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10736604000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316486581605                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1357999023120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.405189                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        332877615000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    399027500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1615986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299459966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14227185500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2153885250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19661201750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2056512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2056512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        32133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              32133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        37677                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             37677                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6153566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6153566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7215259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             7215259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13368825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            13368825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      32133                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     37677                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    32133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   37677                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2044160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  12352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2411712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2056512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2411328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      130                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 333721273500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                32133                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               37677                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  31940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  2047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  2115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  2165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  2133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  2108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  2171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  2154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  2235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  2290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  2100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  2070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  2071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  2058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  2001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        16894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.758494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.954313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.003506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4714     27.90%     27.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4533     26.83%     54.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2915     17.25%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2260     13.38%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1452      8.59%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          239      1.41%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          119      0.70%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      0.61%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          559      3.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        16894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.275599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.101670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            248     12.63%     12.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            55      2.80%     15.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         1516     77.23%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           98      4.99%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           26      1.32%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           11      0.56%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            3      0.15%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            1      0.05%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.10%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.196638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.822736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.331402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1718     87.52%     87.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           17      0.87%     88.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           29      1.48%     89.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           58      2.95%     92.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           30      1.53%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           22      1.12%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           14      0.71%     96.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.25%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           21      1.07%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            6      0.31%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.25%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            5      0.25%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.36%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.20%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.20%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.15%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.10%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.15%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.10%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1619543250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2218418250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 159700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    50705.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               69455.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        7.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     7.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   23919                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  28811                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               76.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4780422.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                96896940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                51501945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              234277680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             117570060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        8238019920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2822873130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           490977600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19798634790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11777996640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315685413440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1359316648755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.642328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        329624556000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    485646250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1666802000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 295408240750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15047286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1946983000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19644762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                91713300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                48746775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              234206280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             120159180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        7788718080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2751497730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           456782400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19262377650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10812111840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316496627960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1358065324635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.417121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        333380447250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    456044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1643942000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299468019750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14787927750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1958114500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19594335000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2054272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           2054272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2394112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        2394112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        32098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              32098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        37408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             37408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      6146864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              6146864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      7163745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             7163745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     13310608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            13310608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      32098                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     37408                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    32098                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   37408                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               2042368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  11904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                2393856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                2054272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             2394112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             2043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             2286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             2563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            2636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            2561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            2391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            2372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            2345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            2167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       95                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 337276189000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                32098                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               37408                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  31912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  2027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  2107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  2148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  2133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  2161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  2147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  2234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  2304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  2109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  2053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  2057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  2039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        16640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.577412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.165372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4637     27.87%     27.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4389     26.38%     54.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2866     17.22%     71.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2193     13.18%     84.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1515      9.10%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          242      1.45%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          125      0.75%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      0.64%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          567      3.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        16640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.363077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.335356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            231     11.85%     11.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             20      1.03%     12.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            26      1.33%     14.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           26      1.33%     15.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1253     64.26%     79.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          243     12.46%     92.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           74      3.79%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           31      1.59%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           17      0.87%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.31%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.21%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           10      0.51%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.10%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.10%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.181538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.806536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.352321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1686     86.46%     86.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           22      1.13%     87.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      0.26%     87.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.31%     88.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           19      0.97%     89.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           18      0.92%     90.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           48      2.46%     92.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           15      0.77%     93.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.87%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.41%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.62%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.36%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.36%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            8      0.41%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.26%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.05%     96.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.87%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.10%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.10%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.10%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            6      0.31%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.05%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.15%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            3      0.15%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            4      0.21%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            3      0.15%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.15%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            2      0.10%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.05%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.10%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            2      0.10%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::116-117            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::118-119            1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1632925750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             2231275750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 159560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    51169.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               69919.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        6.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        7.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     7.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   23972                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  28704                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                75.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               76.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   4852475.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                95440380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                50727765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              233149560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             116620020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        8238634560.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2860725120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           500544000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19668705000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11812596480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315713392250                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1359293243685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.638115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        333133946750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    457025750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1654014000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 299232761500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14934817750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2026114750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19439510750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                90749400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                48234450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              233720760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             119658060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        7788718080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2701453440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           441346080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18991747920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11028473280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316553456930                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1357999362510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           244.405250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        333459388000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    425513000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1645144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299575705750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14975971750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1830449750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19376922250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2055808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           2055808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2405120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        2405120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        32122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              32122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        37580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             37580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      6151460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              6151460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      7196683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             7196683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     13348143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            13348143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      32122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     37580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    32122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   37580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               2044416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  11392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                2404352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                2055808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             2405120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             2002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             2061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             2356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             2161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             2325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             2305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             2254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             2237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             2431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             2567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            2544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            2381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            2359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            2342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            2166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       97                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 334739703500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                32122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               37580                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  31944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  2045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  2156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  2133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  2193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  2156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  2251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  2321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  2099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  2102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  2076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  2030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        16985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   261.923344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.189982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.855957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4821     28.38%     28.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4544     26.75%     55.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2930     17.25%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2168     12.76%     85.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1504      8.85%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          236      1.39%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      0.71%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           96      0.57%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          566      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        16985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.242625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.041662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            240     12.21%     12.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      0.81%     13.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            26      1.32%     14.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           27      1.37%     15.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1288     65.51%     81.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          218     11.09%     92.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           76      3.87%     96.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           34      1.73%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      0.66%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.31%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      0.25%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.31%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.15%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.108850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.788696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.132482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1720     87.49%     87.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           15      0.76%     88.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           34      1.73%     89.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           60      3.05%     93.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           37      1.88%     94.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           21      1.07%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           12      0.61%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.25%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           19      0.97%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.10%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            8      0.41%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.15%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            3      0.15%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.15%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            5      0.25%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.15%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.10%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            3      0.15%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1644273499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             2243223499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 159720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    51473.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               70223.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        7.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     7.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   23916                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  28611                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                74.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               76.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   4802440.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   75.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                97603800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                51877650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              234220560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             117298620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        8356030800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2843855970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           503590080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    20070576660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11947751520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315445979420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1359671553090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.706201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        330562114750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    504220999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1686112000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 296190540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15195510749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1968417501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19657628751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                92327340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                49073145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              233535120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             119631960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        7877226240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2854769760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           447930240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19295295150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11025445920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316319354480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1358316957675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           244.462409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        331065070500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    440858250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1690460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296527671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15345070250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2115081500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19661540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2056576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           2056576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2385856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        2385856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        32134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              32134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        37279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             37279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      6153758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              6153758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      7139041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             7139041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     13292799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            13292799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      32134                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     37279                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    32134                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   37279                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               2045120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  11456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                2385920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                2056576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             2385856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   179                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             2037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             2059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             2351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             2161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             2303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             2273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             2413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             2549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            2634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            2547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            2393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            2354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            2171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                      122                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 333720930000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                32134                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               37279                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  31955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  2038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  2109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  2110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  2085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  2172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  2158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  2256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  2312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  2060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  2041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        16836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.192207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.416592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.040527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4713     27.99%     27.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4515     26.82%     54.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2927     17.39%     72.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2147     12.75%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1536      9.12%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          220      1.31%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          116      0.69%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           94      0.56%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          568      3.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        16836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.481692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.693084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            250     12.89%     12.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            44      2.27%     15.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         1485     76.59%     91.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          112      5.78%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           29      1.50%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            7      0.36%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            4      0.21%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            3      0.15%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.226405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.819974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.496794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1699     87.62%     87.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           18      0.93%     88.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           30      1.55%     90.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           53      2.73%     92.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           30      1.55%     94.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           17      0.88%     95.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           15      0.77%     96.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            8      0.41%     96.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           23      1.19%     97.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            8      0.41%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.15%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.21%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.21%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.21%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.15%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.10%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.10%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.10%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            4      0.21%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.15%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.10%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1656731250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             2255887500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 159775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    51845.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               70595.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        7.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     7.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     26.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   23967                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  28433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               76.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   4807758.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                97203960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                51665130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              232828260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             116103240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        8325298800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2793898320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           515828640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19818602460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11942619840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315619953050                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1359517036800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.678392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        329613966000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    530075500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1689600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 295252785500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15315934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1895046250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19515673250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                90620880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                48166140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              232585500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             119036880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        7732171200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2742699780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           455760480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18993556530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10811206080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316636071275                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1357863803925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           244.380852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        332962774500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    455823250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1641916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299272671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14778621250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1998389000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19380069500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2055488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           2055488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2394176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        2394176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        32117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              32117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        37409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             37409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      6150502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              6150502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      7163936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             7163936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     13314438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            13314438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      32117                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     37409                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    32117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   37409                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               2045056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  10432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                2393920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                2055488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             2394176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   163                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             2005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             2345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             2278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             2242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             2539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            2537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            2349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            2330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                      128                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 333720998000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                32117                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               37409                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  31954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  2049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  2113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  2103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  2158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  2168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  2237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  2304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  2108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  2053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  2060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  2053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  2002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        16784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.480458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.036232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.119185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4711     28.07%     28.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4455     26.54%     54.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2941     17.52%     72.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2061     12.28%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1590      9.47%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          253      1.51%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          114      0.68%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           96      0.57%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          563      3.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        16784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.385128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.133310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            232     11.90%     11.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             13      0.67%     12.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            34      1.74%     14.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           20      1.03%     15.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1252     64.21%     79.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          253     12.97%     92.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           76      3.90%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           28      1.44%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.77%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.41%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.15%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.21%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.10%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.10%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.182051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.811242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.406577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1706     87.49%     87.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           15      0.77%     88.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           38      1.95%     90.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           47      2.41%     92.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           38      1.95%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           17      0.87%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           20      1.03%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.21%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           25      1.28%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.10%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.15%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.15%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.21%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.15%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            5      0.26%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.10%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.10%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            3      0.15%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.10%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.10%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1667051750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             2266189250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 159770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    52170.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               70920.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        6.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        7.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     6.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     7.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     26.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   24046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  28530                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                75.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               76.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   4799945.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   75.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                97368180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                51752415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              233877840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             116755740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        8319152400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2839933230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           509533440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19859775840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11835376320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315646903055                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1359512361120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.677551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        329545387000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    515307250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1678898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 295506140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15162968500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1979078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19356093250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                90278160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                47983980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              233085300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             119250900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        7659643680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2730089670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           442090080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18927587010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10641243360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316771795400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1357664971740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           244.345068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        332941884250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    429853750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1614400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299776152500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14430307250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2070600250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19203862250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41169004                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   23497743                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        70481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        27099                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  211014840                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        18411                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 46                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    533957668.521739                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   916018769.374739                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           23    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       114001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2762349500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   326438242623                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12281026376                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       668396796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157603022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276250811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            215086041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              70047235                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4686784                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14648571                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   215086041                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     70047235                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          458765262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         162127573                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           141416321                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           67038565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           114605521                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           65456589                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     64307348                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40844645                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  23462703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24562052.751926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              643834743.248074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.963252                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.036748                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         21124424                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3325133      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                159718415     57.81%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  479883      0.17%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   165208      0.06%     59.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               48265029     17.47%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                31410066     11.37%     88.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20736437      7.51%     95.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            9434531      3.42%     99.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2726266      0.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276260968                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7515                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7515                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               948                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              948                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         8750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        27512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   29408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        17500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        30634                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    34426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              8424500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              6880490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4013000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             4410368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1422548                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            20513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13060605                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.604956                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.241034                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12119425     92.79%     92.79% |       10934      0.08%     92.88% |          62      0.00%     92.88% |       15932      0.12%     93.00% |      848106      6.49%     99.49% |       12002      0.09%     99.59% |           0      0.00%     99.59% |           0      0.00%     99.59% |       48040      0.37%     99.95% |        6104      0.05%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13060605                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    276016893                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001004                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000696                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.031670                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   275739781     99.90%     99.90% |      277112      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    276016893                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      276016893                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.325717                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.029898                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.993774                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   275988843     99.99%     99.99% |        5795      0.00%     99.99% |        7577      0.00%     99.99% |        2952      0.00%    100.00% |       10918      0.00%    100.00% |         667      0.00%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        276016893                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    273363343                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   273363343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    273363343                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2653550                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.880470                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.420594                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    96.187323                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2625500     98.94%     98.94% |        5795      0.22%     99.16% |        7577      0.29%     99.45% |        2952      0.11%     99.56% |       10918      0.41%     99.97% |         667      0.03%     99.99% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2653550                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5571.195267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.036273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.147653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5589.254301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.243535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5609.784629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.391858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5665.214404                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.925453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5500.069704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.391869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5498.397775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.433558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5464.688556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.447881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5508.042587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.182607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     63712743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1307893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     65020636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    209650600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses      1345657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    210996257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.413627                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.015754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           78                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      2525424                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams       170025                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested       168128                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits         4397                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed         1962                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.016447                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.000117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000392                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3881.646122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          1016                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4428.812283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       294721                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        53079                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       347800                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   948.311810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.040887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.017763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000977                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4438.519793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       286954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47001                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       333955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   946.028114                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.022456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4438.849453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       299221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        46508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       345729                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001531                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   953.053443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.013189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4491.045235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       295824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47709                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       343533                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001516                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   951.811519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.003683                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4471.917288                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       298121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        46146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       344267                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   951.737919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.005011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4431.138332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       321136                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        46386                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       367522                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001630                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   953.823723                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.001623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4400.097444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       330485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        46035                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       376520                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001671                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   952.742066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.011863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4462.829862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       302774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        48159                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       350933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001547                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   952.083769                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.005101                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.008223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3381.646122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.000117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.013085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1957.103778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.002131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.002267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.511662                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      2810259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2       131127                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2810259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2693475                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1424118                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       672002                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2014294                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     22482072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1049016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    202338648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21547800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     11392944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48384144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16114352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3928.812280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.040887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.017763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2982.282392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1448.312334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.206398                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       380159                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21849                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       387014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       362565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       206402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        91913                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       234945                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      3041272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27865008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2900520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1651216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6617736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1879560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000977                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3938.519793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.022456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.002727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3055.240910                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1446.029278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.198387                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       366131                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       378941                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       354439                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       175128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82875                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236251                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      2929048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27283752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2835512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1401024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5967000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1890008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3938.849453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.013189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3062.683245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1453.055447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.204608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       377884                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       390928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       366405                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       182973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       246606                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3023072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       121888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28146816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2931240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1463784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6103296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1972848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3991.045235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.003683                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3120.333963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1451.814578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.202101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       375666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16443                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       387719                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       363058                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       171960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       245606                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3005328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27915768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2904464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1375680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5929200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1964848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3971.917288                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.005011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2936.030849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1451.738231                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.202315                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       376365                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14945                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       389677                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       365201                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       168626                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80829                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       249389                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3010920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       119560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28056744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2921608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1349008                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5819688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1995112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3931.138332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.001623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2936.803803                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1453.824384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.213992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       399644                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15148                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       388325                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84308                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       268949                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3197152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       121184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29729664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3106600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1393664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6070176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2151592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3900.097444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.011863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2873.587536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1452.743297                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.217295                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       408654                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14801                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       421985                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       397431                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       169908                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82287                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       280331                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3269232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118408                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30382920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3179448                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1359264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5924664                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2242648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3962.829862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.005101                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2947.258470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1452.084951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.205358                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       383050                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16961                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394372                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       369879                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174913                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       252217                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3064400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28394784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2959032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1399304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5952384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2017736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5071.195267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.147653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.036740                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.023579                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        32359                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60276                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34797                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10556                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       258872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4339872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       278376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84448                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5089.254304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.243535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.023388                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        32176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59811                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34394                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       257408                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4306392                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       275152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5109.784629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.391858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.023291                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        32155                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34148                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       257240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4287744                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       273184                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5165.214407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.925453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.023364                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        32133                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59762                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34235                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       257064                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4302864                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       273880                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5000.069704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.391869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010404                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.023255                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        32098                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59458                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34086                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       256784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4280976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       272688                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4998.397775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.433558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.023325                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        32122                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59654                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34184                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       256976                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4295088                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       273472                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4964.688559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.447881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.023219                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        32134                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59366                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33913                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       257072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4274352                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       271304                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5008.042587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.182607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011047                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.023263                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        32117                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59481                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34071                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       256936                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4282632                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       272568                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.006240                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          342                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82054                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656432                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.008223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2457.103778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.002267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3482.282392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1948.312334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3555.240907                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.001001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1946.029278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3562.683245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.001037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1953.055447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3620.333960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.001027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1951.814577                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3436.030849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.001034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1951.738231                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3436.803803                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.001103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1953.824384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3373.587535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.001131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1952.743296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3447.258470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.001048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1952.084951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.036740                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.011983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.011997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.010583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.010404                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.010503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.010604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.011047                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.008038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2995.017170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time  2500.000117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3428.812277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.040887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.017763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000977                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3438.519793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.022456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2500.002727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.001013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3438.849453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.020617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.013189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.001005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3491.045235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.020489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.003683                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3471.917288                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.020797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.005011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.001078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3431.138332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.020675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.001623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.001106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3400.097444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.020857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.011863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.001026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3462.829862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.021007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.005101                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4571.195267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.147653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4589.254307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.243535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4609.784629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.391858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4665.214410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.925453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4500.069704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.391869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4498.397775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.433558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4464.688562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.447881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4508.042587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.182607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.009087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2495.017170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2000.000117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2928.812274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.040887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.017763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000977                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2938.519793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.022456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2000.002727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.001013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2938.849453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.020617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.013189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.001005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2991.045235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.020489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.003683                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.001009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  2971.917288                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.020797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.005011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.001078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2931.138332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.020675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.001623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.001106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2900.097444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.020857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.011863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.001026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2962.829862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.021007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.005101                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4071.195267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.147653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4089.254310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.243535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4109.784629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.391858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4165.214413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.925453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4000.069704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.391869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  3998.397775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.433558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3964.688565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.447881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4008.042587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.182607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.127438                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      3067553                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2       131127                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3163890                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2967303                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1424118                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       672002                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2096348                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     24540424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1049016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    227800080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23738424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     11392944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48384144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16770784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         9202659                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       393381                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      9615399                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13174263                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2016663                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      6534180                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         73621272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3147048                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    692308728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    105394104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    145199736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     52273440                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5556342854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     2.102775                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       131127                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2810259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2686296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1049016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    202338648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21490368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.920549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2810259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7179                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1424118                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       672002                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2014294                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     22482072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        57432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     11392944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48384144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16114352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.145262                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       347800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32359                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32292                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       206402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        91913                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       234945                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2782400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2329848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       258336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1651216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6617736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1879560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.267534                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32359                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21849                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       354655                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       330273                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       258872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25535160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2642184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.135609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       333955                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32020                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       175128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82875                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236251                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2671640                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2316672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       256160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1401024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5967000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1890008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.261164                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       346765                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       322419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       257408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     24967080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2579352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139091                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       345729                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32155                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31738                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       182973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       246606                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2765832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2315160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1463784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6103296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1972848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.270125                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32155                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       358773                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       334667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       257240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       121888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25831656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2677336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136396                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       343533                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32133                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31882                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       171960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       245606                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2748264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2313576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       255056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1375680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5929200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1964848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.267807                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32133                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16443                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       355586                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       331176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       257064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25602192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2649408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.135423                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       344267                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32098                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31703                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       168626                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80829                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       249389                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2754136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2311056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253624                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1349008                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5819688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1995112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.269208                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32098                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14945                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       357579                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       333498                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       256784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       119560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25745688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2667984                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.141411                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       367522                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32122                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31825                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84308                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       268949                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2940176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2312784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       254600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1393664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6070176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2151592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.286572                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32122                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15148                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       380790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       356500                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       256976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       121184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27416880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2852000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.141241                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       376520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32134                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       169908                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82287                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       280331                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3012160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2313648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252448                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1359264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5924664                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2242648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.293349                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32134                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14801                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       389851                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       365875                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       257072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118408                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28069272                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2927000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137859                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       350933                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32117                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31721                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174913                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       252217                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2807464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2312424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1399304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5952384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2017736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.272857                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32117                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16961                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       362255                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       338158                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       256936                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26082360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2705264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022031                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32359                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27575                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10556                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       258872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1985400                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84448                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025128                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32701                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31382                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2354472                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       251056                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022023                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27635                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3293                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       257408                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1989720                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26344                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024753                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31101                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2316672                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       248808                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021861                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32155                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27397                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3293                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       257240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1972584                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26344                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024721                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32155                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30855                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2315160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022010                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32133                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27629                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3220                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       257064                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1989288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        25760                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024718                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32133                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31015                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2313576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       248120                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021831                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32098                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27360                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       256784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1969920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024679                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32098                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30806                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2311056                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021946                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32122                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27532                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3243                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       256976                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1982304                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        25944                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024705                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32122                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30941                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2312784                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247528                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021746                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32134                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3257                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       257072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1960704                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26056                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024692                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32134                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30656                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2313648                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       245248                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021834                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32117                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27364                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3269                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       256936                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1970208                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024691                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32117                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30802                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2312424                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246416                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006343                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          342                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006138                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82054                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656432                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     2.019474                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       131127                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2686530                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2686296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1049016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193430160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21490368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.145262                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       347800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32359                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32292                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       206402                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        91913                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       234945                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      2782400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2329848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       258336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1651216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6617736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1879560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.135609                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       333955                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32020                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       175128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236251                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      2671640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2316672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       256160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1401024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5967000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1890008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.139091                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       345729                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32155                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31738                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       182973                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       246606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2765832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2315160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1463784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6103296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1972848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.136396                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       343533                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31882                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       171960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82350                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       245606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2748264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2313576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       255056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1375680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5929200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1964848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.135423                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       344267                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32098                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31703                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       168626                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80829                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       249389                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2754136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2311056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1349008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5819688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1995112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.141411                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       367522                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32122                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31825                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84308                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       268949                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2940176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2312784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       254600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1393664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6070176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2151592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.141241                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       376520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       169908                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82287                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       280331                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3012160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2313648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1359264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5924664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2242648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.137859                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       350933                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32117                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31721                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       174913                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       252217                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      2807464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2312424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1399304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5952384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2017736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.022031                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        32359                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27575                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       258872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1985400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.022023                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        32176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27635                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3293                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       257408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1989720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.021861                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        32155                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27397                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3293                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       257240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1972584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.022010                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        32133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3220                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       257064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1989288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        25760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.021831                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        32098                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       256784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1969920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.021946                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        32122                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27532                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3243                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       256976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1982304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        25944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.021746                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        32134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3257                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       257072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1960704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.021834                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        32117                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27364                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3269                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       256936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1970208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.006343                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          342                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6920673                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.939067                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.773952                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6159259     89.00%     89.00% |       10283      0.15%     89.15% |           0      0.00%     89.15% |           0      0.00%     89.15% |      684987      9.90%     99.04% |       12000      0.17%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |       48040      0.69%     99.91% |        6104      0.09%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6920673                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6008805                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.233343                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.333799                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5829040     97.01%     97.01% |         650      0.01%     97.02% |          62      0.00%     97.02% |       15932      0.27%     97.29% |      163119      2.71%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6008805                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        131127                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000015                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.005523                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      131126    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          131127                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     40442411                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.545750                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.054977                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.385608                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    40436086     99.98%     99.98% |        1516      0.00%     99.99% |        1548      0.00%     99.99% |         371      0.00%     99.99% |        2764      0.01%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      40442411                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39736766                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39736766    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39736766                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       705645                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    32.278406                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.484672                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    88.491221                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      699320     99.10%     99.10% |        1516      0.21%     99.32% |        1548      0.22%     99.54% |         371      0.05%     99.59% |        2764      0.39%     99.98% |         119      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       705645                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     23460222                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.807181                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.087544                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     27.712400                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    23440656     99.92%     99.92% |        4117      0.02%     99.93% |        5933      0.03%     99.96% |        2571      0.01%     99.97% |        6341      0.03%    100.00% |         484      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      23460222                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22914726                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22914726    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22914726                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       545496                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    78.721701                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.937944                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   164.706831                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      525930     96.41%     96.41% |        4117      0.75%     97.17% |        5933      1.09%     98.26% |        2571      0.47%     98.73% |        6341      1.16%     99.89% |         484      0.09%     99.98% |         110      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       545496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    210996429                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.115280                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.018315                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.897324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   210994312    100.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |        1773      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    210996429                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209650600                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209650600    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209650600                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1345829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.073296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.208367                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.351557                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1343712     99.84%     99.84% |         161      0.01%     99.85% |          95      0.01%     99.86% |          10      0.00%     99.86% |        1773      0.13%     99.99% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1345829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1110383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.980537                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.160314                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.374806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1110299     99.99%     99.99% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1110383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1055012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1055012    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1055012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        55371                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.663217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.722702                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.235954                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       55287     99.85%     99.85% |          42      0.08%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |          40      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        55371                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.136950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.639942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.862215                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2515     67.53%     67.53% |           0      0.00%     67.53% |           0      0.00%     67.53% |           0      0.00%     67.53% |          64      1.72%     69.25% |        1145     30.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         3724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2515                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2515    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2515                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1209                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.903226                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.888781                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.727691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64      5.29%      5.29% |        1145     94.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1209                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3724    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         3724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3724    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       32359     12.58%     12.58% |       32176     12.51%     25.08% |       32155     12.50%     37.58% |       32133     12.49%     50.07% |       32098     12.48%     62.54% |       32122     12.48%     75.03% |       32134     12.49%     87.52% |       32117     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       257294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       27575     12.55%     12.55% |       27635     12.58%     25.13% |       27397     12.47%     37.60% |       27629     12.57%     50.17% |       27360     12.45%     62.62% |       27532     12.53%     75.15% |       27232     12.39%     87.55% |       27364     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       32482     12.62%     12.62% |       32176     12.50%     25.12% |       32155     12.49%     37.61% |       32133     12.48%     50.09% |       32098     12.47%     62.56% |       32122     12.48%     75.04% |       32134     12.48%     87.52% |       32117     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       257417                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       37616     12.53%     12.53% |       37676     12.55%     25.09% |       37446     12.48%     37.57% |       37677     12.56%     50.12% |       37408     12.47%     62.59% |       37580     12.52%     75.11% |       37279     12.42%     87.53% |       37409     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       300091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         342    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        3415     13.00%     13.00% |        3293     12.54%     25.53% |        3293     12.54%     38.07% |        3220     12.26%     50.33% |        3280     12.49%     62.81% |        3243     12.34%     75.16% |        3257     12.40%     87.56% |        3269     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        26270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       32359     12.58%     12.58% |       32176     12.51%     25.08% |       32155     12.50%     37.58% |       32133     12.49%     50.07% |       32098     12.48%     62.54% |       32122     12.48%     75.03% |       32134     12.49%     87.52% |       32117     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       257294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |       10041     12.49%     12.49% |       10041     12.49%     24.99% |       10049     12.50%     37.49% |       10048     12.50%     49.99% |       10048     12.50%     62.50% |       10048     12.50%     75.00% |       10047     12.50%     87.50% |       10045     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        80367                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |       10041     12.49%     12.49% |       10041     12.49%     24.99% |       10049     12.50%     37.49% |       10048     12.50%     49.99% |       10048     12.50%     62.50% |       10048     12.50%     75.00% |       10047     12.50%     87.50% |       10045     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        80367                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       27183     12.46%     12.46% |       27462     12.59%     25.05% |       27232     12.48%     37.53% |       27463     12.59%     50.12% |       27194     12.47%     62.58% |       27366     12.54%     75.13% |       27065     12.41%     87.53% |       27195     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218160                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     12.86%     12.86% |         173     12.86%     25.72% |         165     12.27%     37.99% |         166     12.34%     50.33% |         166     12.34%     62.68% |         166     12.34%     75.02% |         167     12.42%     87.43% |         169     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1345                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        3415     13.00%     13.00% |        3293     12.54%     25.53% |        3293     12.54%     38.07% |        3220     12.26%     50.33% |        3280     12.49%     62.81% |        3243     12.34%     75.16% |        3257     12.40%     87.56% |        3269     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        26270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       32359     12.58%     12.58% |       32176     12.51%     25.08% |       32155     12.50%     37.58% |       32133     12.49%     50.07% |       32098     12.48%     62.54% |       32122     12.48%     75.03% |       32134     12.49%     87.52% |       32117     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       257294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       27183     12.46%     12.46% |       27462     12.59%     25.05% |       27232     12.48%     37.53% |       27463     12.59%     50.12% |       27194     12.47%     62.58% |       27366     12.54%     75.13% |       27065     12.41%     87.53% |       27195     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218160                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     12.86%     12.86% |         173     12.86%     25.72% |         165     12.27%     37.99% |         166     12.34%     50.33% |         166     12.34%     62.68% |         166     12.34%     75.02% |         167     12.42%     87.43% |         169     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1345                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     12.86%     12.86% |         173     12.86%     25.72% |         165     12.27%     37.99% |         166     12.34%     50.33% |         166     12.34%     62.68% |         166     12.34%     75.02% |         167     12.42%     87.43% |         169     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1345                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         342    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          342                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         342    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            342                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         342    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          342                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         342    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          342                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    40442444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     40442444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   210996474    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    210996474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    24578053    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24578053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7398    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         7398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2686455    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2686455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      123729    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       123729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      751855    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       751855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2058404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2058404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2686296    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2686296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       49672    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        49672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |       48464    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total        48464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       74324    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        74324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      704797    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       704797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |     1345657    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1345657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      474897    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       474897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        7166    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         7166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       47171    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        47171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |       40368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total        40368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       73567    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        73567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          70    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         159    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    13398750    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     13398750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   209650600    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    209650600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      123729    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       123729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     2014225    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2014225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load |        2300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load::total         2300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        8096    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         8096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store |         139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store::total          139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    26338016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     26338016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23975977    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23975977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      672071    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       672071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |         201    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total          201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         618    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          45    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      705537    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       705537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |     1345937    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1345937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |     2014225    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total      2014225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      602076    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       602076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |      123729    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total       123729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      672071    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       672071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         845    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |         172    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total          172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       46318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        46318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |       40204    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total        40204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |        3380    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total         3380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       70187    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        70187                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |      141398     10.20%     10.20% |      158825     11.46%     21.66% |      162680     11.74%     33.40% |      171546     12.38%     45.77% |      175640     12.67%     58.45% |      193311     13.95%     72.39% |      206606     14.91%     87.30% |      176019     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total      1386025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114271     15.20%     15.20% |       92236     12.27%     27.46% |       98272     13.07%     40.53% |       89642     11.92%     52.45% |       87793     11.68%     64.13% |       89893     11.95%     76.08% |       87625     11.65%     87.73% |       92239     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       751971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       92131     13.70%     13.70% |       82894     12.33%     26.04% |       84777     12.61%     38.65% |       82345     12.25%     50.89% |       80834     12.02%     62.92% |       84318     12.54%     75.46% |       82289     12.24%     87.70% |       82675     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       672263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      326858     12.17%     12.17% |      319126     11.88%     24.05% |      331374     12.34%     36.38% |      327956     12.21%     48.59% |      330218     12.29%     60.88% |      353257     13.15%     74.03% |      362618     13.50%     87.53% |      334889     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2686296                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       27183     12.46%     12.46% |       27462     12.59%     25.05% |       27232     12.48%     37.53% |       27463     12.59%     50.12% |       27194     12.47%     62.58% |       27366     12.54%     75.13% |       27065     12.41%     87.53% |       27195     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       218160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3415     13.00%     13.00% |        3293     12.54%     25.53% |        3293     12.54%     38.07% |        3220     12.26%     50.33% |        3280     12.49%     62.81% |        3243     12.34%     75.16% |        3257     12.40%     87.56% |        3269     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        26270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       32359     12.58%     12.58% |       32176     12.51%     25.08% |       32155     12.50%     37.58% |       32133     12.49%     50.07% |       32098     12.48%     62.54% |       32122     12.48%     75.03% |       32134     12.49%     87.52% |       32117     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       257294                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       30990     12.60%     12.60% |       30928     12.57%     25.17% |       30690     12.48%     37.65% |       30849     12.54%     50.19% |       30640     12.46%     62.64% |       30775     12.51%     75.15% |       30489     12.39%     87.55% |       30633     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       245994                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         910     12.68%     12.68% |         919     12.80%     25.48% |         883     12.30%     37.78% |         867     12.08%     49.85% |         897     12.49%     62.35% |         884     12.31%     74.66% |         900     12.54%     87.20% |         919     12.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         7179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      206402     14.49%     14.49% |      175128     12.30%     26.79% |      182973     12.85%     39.64% |      171960     12.07%     51.71% |      168626     11.84%     63.55% |      174208     12.23%     75.79% |      169908     11.93%     87.72% |      174913     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total      1424118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         784     25.06%     25.06% |         346     11.06%     36.13% |         330     10.55%     46.68% |         332     10.61%     57.29% |         332     10.61%     67.90% |         332     10.61%     78.52% |         334     10.68%     89.19% |         338     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         3128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         745     12.15%     12.15% |         769     12.54%     24.69% |         781     12.74%     37.43% |         763     12.44%     49.87% |         745     12.15%     62.02% |         763     12.44%     74.46% |         791     12.90%     87.36% |         775     12.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         6132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        6658     12.88%     12.88% |        6386     12.36%     25.24% |        6426     12.43%     37.68% |        6555     12.68%     50.36% |        6369     12.32%     62.69% |        6536     12.65%     75.33% |        6472     12.52%     87.86% |        6275     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        51677                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24956     12.51%     12.51% |       25021     12.54%     25.05% |       24948     12.51%     37.56% |       24815     12.44%     50.00% |       24984     12.52%     62.52% |       24823     12.44%     74.97% |       24871     12.47%     87.43% |       25067     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       199485                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |      140652     10.19%     10.19% |      158055     11.45%     21.65% |      161896     11.73%     33.38% |      170783     12.38%     45.76% |      174894     12.67%     58.43% |      192546     13.95%     72.38% |      205813     14.92%     87.30% |      175244     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total      1379883                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.72%      1.72% |          76     65.52%     67.24% |          27     23.28%     90.52% |           1      0.86%     91.38% |           3      2.59%     93.97% |           6      5.17%     99.14% |           1      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |      141398     10.20%     10.20% |      158827     11.46%     21.66% |      162756     11.74%     33.40% |      171574     12.38%     45.78% |      175641     12.67%     58.45% |      193314     13.95%     72.40% |      206612     14.91%     87.30% |      176020     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total      1386142                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         907     12.66%     12.66% |         916     12.79%     25.45% |         882     12.31%     37.76% |         864     12.06%     49.83% |         896     12.51%     62.33% |         882     12.31%     74.65% |         899     12.55%     87.20% |         917     12.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         7163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      107613     15.37%     15.37% |       85848     12.26%     27.63% |       91770     13.11%     40.74% |       83060     11.86%     52.60% |       81423     11.63%     64.23% |       83354     11.90%     76.13% |       81147     11.59%     87.72% |       85963     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       700178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       46455     13.31%     13.31% |       43048     12.33%     25.64% |       45476     13.03%     38.67% |       41954     12.02%     50.69% |       41802     11.98%     62.67% |       45231     12.96%     75.62% |       43517     12.47%     88.09% |       41566     11.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       349049                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       27183     12.46%     12.46% |       27462     12.59%     25.05% |       27232     12.48%     37.53% |       27461     12.59%     50.12% |       27194     12.47%     62.58% |       27365     12.54%     75.13% |       27065     12.41%     87.53% |       27195     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       218157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        2508     13.13%     13.13% |        2377     12.44%     25.57% |        2411     12.62%     38.18% |        2356     12.33%     50.52% |        2384     12.48%     62.99% |        2361     12.36%     75.35% |        2358     12.34%     87.69% |        2352     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        19107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         170     12.76%     12.76% |         170     12.76%     25.53% |         164     12.31%     37.84% |         165     12.39%     50.23% |         165     12.39%     62.61% |         165     12.39%     75.00% |         166     12.46%     87.46% |         167     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1332                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       20720     16.75%     16.75% |       14825     11.98%     28.73% |       14353     11.60%     40.33% |       15576     12.59%     52.92% |       14048     11.35%     64.27% |       14264     11.53%     75.80% |       13901     11.24%     87.03% |       16042     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       123729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      185460     14.26%     14.26% |      160299     12.33%     26.59% |      168618     12.97%     39.56% |      156382     12.03%     51.59% |      154577     11.89%     63.48% |      159943     12.30%     75.78% |      156006     12.00%     87.78% |      158869     12.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1300154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         222     95.69%     95.69% |           3      1.29%     96.98% |           1      0.43%     97.41% |           1      0.43%     97.84% |           1      0.43%     98.28% |           1      0.43%     98.71% |           1      0.43%     99.14% |           2      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          232                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       30990     12.60%     12.60% |       30928     12.57%     25.17% |       30690     12.48%     37.65% |       30849     12.54%     50.19% |       30640     12.46%     62.64% |       30775     12.51%     75.15% |       30489     12.39%     87.55% |       30633     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       245994                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         170     12.76%     12.76% |         170     12.76%     25.53% |         164     12.31%     37.84% |         165     12.39%     50.23% |         165     12.39%     62.61% |         165     12.39%     75.00% |         166     12.46%     87.46% |         167     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1332                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3     23.08%     23.08% |           3     23.08%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         222     95.69%     95.69% |           3      1.29%     96.98% |           1      0.43%     97.41% |           1      0.43%     97.84% |           1      0.43%     98.28% |           1      0.43%     98.71% |           1      0.43%     99.14% |           2      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          232                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         907     12.66%     12.66% |         916     12.79%     25.45% |         882     12.31%     37.76% |         864     12.06%     49.83% |         896     12.51%     62.33% |         882     12.31%     74.65% |         899     12.55%     87.20% |         917     12.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         7163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        6658     12.88%     12.88% |        6386     12.36%     25.24% |        6426     12.43%     37.68% |        6555     12.68%     50.36% |        6369     12.32%     62.69% |        6536     12.65%     75.33% |        6472     12.52%     87.86% |        6275     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        51677                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         745     12.15%     12.15% |         769     12.54%     24.69% |         781     12.74%     37.43% |         763     12.44%     49.87% |         745     12.15%     62.02% |         763     12.44%     74.46% |         791     12.90%     87.36% |         775     12.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         6132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24956     12.51%     12.51% |       25021     12.54%     25.05% |       24948     12.51%     37.56% |       24815     12.44%     50.00% |       24984     12.52%     62.52% |       24823     12.44%     74.97% |       24871     12.47%     87.43% |       25067     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       199485                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      206402     14.49%     14.49% |      175128     12.30%     26.79% |      182973     12.85%     39.64% |      171960     12.07%     51.71% |      168626     11.84%     63.55% |      174208     12.23%     75.79% |      169908     11.93%     87.72% |      174913     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total      1424118                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
