
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.325359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                325359321000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5547503006000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 583637                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1077122                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              632972083                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1750380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   514.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     553660369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       366720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            366720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       488448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         488448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1127123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1127123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1501257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1501257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2628380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2628380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       5730                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7632                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     5730                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                347968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  18752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 483456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 366720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              488448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   293                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   74                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       21                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 287840146000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 5730                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   5437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.392710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.331225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.582641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1274     37.45%     37.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          854     25.10%     62.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          476     13.99%     76.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          346     10.17%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          182      5.35%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.88%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.76%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.79%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          153      4.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.931319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.496470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             80     21.98%     21.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             18      4.95%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            21      5.77%     32.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      4.12%     36.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          158     43.41%     80.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           27      7.42%     87.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           18      4.95%     92.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      3.02%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            2      0.55%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.82%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.82%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.27%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.55%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.27%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.27%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.55%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.752747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.226233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.352166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          262     71.98%     71.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           14      3.85%     75.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.82%     76.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      2.20%     78.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      1.65%     80.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      1.65%     82.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      3.85%     85.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      1.92%     87.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            4      1.10%     89.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      1.65%     90.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      1.65%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.82%     93.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.82%     93.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      1.37%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.82%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.27%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.65%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.27%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.27%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.27%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.27%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.27%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.27%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   478275250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              580219000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  27185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    87966.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              106716.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3688                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   5901                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                67.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               78.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  21541696.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                51765000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                27513750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              141043560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              40272300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        5710005600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          1707146580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           326132160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13812693720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     8218536000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319114687325                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1349151264375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           243.199736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        286742216000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    138625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    463310000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 315878266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4223584500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    484930750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5078631250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                44346540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                23570745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              138501720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              41018760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        4926339600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          1623937410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           279820320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12312908580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6766051680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1320690026115                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1346847629100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           242.784479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        289065227000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    124728500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    418846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 319342489000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3741865750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    646718250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4416020250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       356096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            356096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       486656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         486656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         5564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               5564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1094470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1094470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1495749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1495749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2590219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2590219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       5564                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      7604                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     5564                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    7604                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                343296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  12800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 485824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 356096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              486656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       65                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 290253264000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 5564                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                7604                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   5363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.217553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.147089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   249.910796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1149     35.51%     35.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          804     24.85%     60.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          440     13.60%     73.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          380     11.74%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          187      5.78%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      1.89%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.96%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.71%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          161      4.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.335244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.875970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             67     19.20%     19.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             12      3.44%     22.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      6.30%     28.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           12      3.44%     32.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          165     47.28%     79.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           27      7.74%     87.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           19      5.44%     92.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            9      2.58%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      1.15%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      1.15%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.29%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.29%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.57%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.29%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.750716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.539111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    14.083017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          249     71.35%     71.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           19      5.44%     76.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      1.43%     78.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      1.15%     79.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.86%     80.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.15%     81.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           11      3.15%     84.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            8      2.29%     86.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.29%     89.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            1      0.29%     89.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.43%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      1.72%     92.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.57%     93.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.57%     93.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.57%     94.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.72%     95.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.57%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.29%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.29%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.29%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.29%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.29%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.29%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.29%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.29%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.57%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   448042250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              548617250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  26820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    83527.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              102277.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    3679                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   6040                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               79.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  22042319.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                49437360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                26276580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              140358120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              40147020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        5513320800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          1730653380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           332550720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13252734270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7879920000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319570356935                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1348536943755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           243.088997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        277520276250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    163065750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    448714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 318946737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4107927750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    548669000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4691925250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                43882440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                23324070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              139158600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              41086620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        4902368640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          1612450200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           276624000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12390242760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6600191520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1320760390260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1346790565110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           242.774193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        289153877500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    127203500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    403936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 319645598000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3596257250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    560925500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4346544750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       354176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            354176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       475648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         475648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         5534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               5534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         7432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              7432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1088569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1088569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1461916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             1461916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2550485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             2550485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       5534                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      7432                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     5534                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    7432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                342912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  11264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 475328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 354176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              475648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       62                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 288898026500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 5534                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                7432                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   5358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         3115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.677368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.354314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   255.720056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1078     34.61%     34.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          791     25.39%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          386     12.39%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          365     11.72%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          211      6.77%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      1.96%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.93%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      1.06%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          161      5.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         3115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.750000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.044136                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             68     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      4.71%     24.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            14      4.12%     28.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           13      3.82%     32.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          150     44.12%     76.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           32      9.41%     86.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           20      5.88%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            7      2.06%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      1.47%     95.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.88%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.88%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.29%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.59%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.29%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.29%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.844118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.574867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    14.577707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          261     76.76%     76.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            4      1.18%     77.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-27            9      2.65%     80.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           20      5.88%     86.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           10      2.94%     89.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            8      2.35%     91.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            7      2.06%     93.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.59%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            7      2.06%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.29%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      1.18%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.29%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.29%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.29%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.29%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   435415250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              535877750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  26790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    81264.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              100014.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        1.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     1.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    3759                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   5911                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                70.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               79.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  22281199.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                47823720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                25418910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              138480300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              38930760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        5386704960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          1669720380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           308643840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13025819550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7619388000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319881871040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1348144013640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           243.018167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        276312737500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    127435500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    420134000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 317923508500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3747705250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    500774500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4605561250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                43089900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                22902825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              138437460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              40710780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        4869792720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          1628923770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           274091520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12138307890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6628787040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1320870847470                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1346656560915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           242.750037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        289096413250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    119206000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    390900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 319996213750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3529773500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    637603250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4004323000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       353024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            353024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       483456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         483456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         5516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               5516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         7554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1085028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1085028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1485914                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             1485914                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2570942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             2570942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       5516                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      7554                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     5516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    7554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                343360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   9664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 483648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 353024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              483456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       66                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 286918092500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 5516                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                7554                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   5365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         3136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.734694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.276640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   256.650392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1106     35.27%     35.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          767     24.46%     59.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          376     11.99%     71.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          369     11.77%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          237      7.56%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      1.79%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.02%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      1.05%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          160      5.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         3136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.215297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.603247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             72     20.40%     20.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             13      3.68%     24.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            14      3.97%     28.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           21      5.95%     33.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          157     44.48%     78.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           38     10.76%     89.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           15      4.25%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      2.27%     95.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            3      0.85%     96.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      1.13%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.28%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.57%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.28%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.407932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.323447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.721174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          256     72.52%     72.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.82%     77.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      1.13%     78.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      1.42%     79.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            4      1.13%     81.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      1.70%     82.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.40%     86.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            8      2.27%     88.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.27%     90.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            3      0.85%     91.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            4      1.13%     92.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            1      0.28%     92.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      1.42%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.57%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            5      1.42%     96.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.28%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.28%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.57%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            2      0.57%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.28%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.57%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.57%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   442693750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              543287500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  26825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    82515.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              101265.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        1.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     1.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    3790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   5997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                70.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               79.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  21952417.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                47345340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                25164645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              139765500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              39703320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        5338763040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          1706895780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           315762240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12907175190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7505924160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319979822435                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1348007754660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           242.993605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        265763989500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    160490750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    434064000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 315713143500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3922001750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    599124500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4531818500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                43032780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                22872465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              138972960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              40768200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        4855656000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          1635755790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           281775360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12179867160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6511011360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1320914419410                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1346625461745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           242.744431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        289482650250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    136356750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    396928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 320266270500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3587115500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    619951500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4062535750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4       351360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            351360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4       473216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         473216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4         5490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               5490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4         7394                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total              7394                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1079914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              1079914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1454441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             1454441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2534355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             2534355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                       5490                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                      7394                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                     5490                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                    7394                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                342080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                   9280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                 472576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                 351360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys              473216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10             340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11             396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13             269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14             401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0              511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1              478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2              424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8              682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9              665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11             610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12             524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13             426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14             410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15             374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       54                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 290472860000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                 5490                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                7394                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                   5345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                   351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                   381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                   366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                   369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                   360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                   347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                   342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples         3091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.557425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.387740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   253.486428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1041     33.68%     33.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255          798     25.82%     59.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          397     12.84%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          341     11.03%     83.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          248      8.02%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.68%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.91%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.81%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          161      5.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total         3091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples          335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.925373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.490132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             65     19.40%     19.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             12      3.58%     22.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            13      3.88%     26.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           19      5.67%     32.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          150     44.78%     77.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           32      9.55%     86.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           19      5.67%     92.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            7      2.09%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            2      0.60%     95.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.90%     96.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.90%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      1.19%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.30%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.30%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total          335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples          335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     22.041791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.525726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    15.704743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          259     77.31%     77.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            8      2.39%     79.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-27            7      2.09%     81.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           19      5.67%     87.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-35            5      1.49%     88.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            9      2.69%     91.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            6      1.79%     93.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.90%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            5      1.49%     95.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.30%     96.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            3      0.90%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.30%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.60%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.60%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.30%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.30%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.30%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.30%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total          335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   443222000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              543440750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  26725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    82922.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              101672.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        1.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                    3809                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                   5829                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                71.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               78.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  22545239.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                46874100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                24914175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              138587400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy              38909880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        5371953600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          1717668210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           332476800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12768057570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7636182720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319979754485                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1348056913560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           243.002467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        269312084250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    147026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    435194000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 319349602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4058765000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    607972250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4306458750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                42575820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                22629585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              138594540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy              40663800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        4871636640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          1629479520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           272792160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    11946820950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6746592000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1320909073140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1346621922015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           242.743793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        289448121500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    120493000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    404860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 320128012500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3825246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    584359000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3927511000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5       351744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            351744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5       478976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         478976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5         5496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               5496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5         7484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total              7484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1081094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              1081094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1472145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             1472145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2553239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             2553239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                       5496                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                      7484                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                     5496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                    7484                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                342976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                   8768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                 478592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                 351744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys              478976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   137                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3              412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4              350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5              294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6              304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8              174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10             339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13             271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14             404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0              506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1              485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7              459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8              672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9              664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10             641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11             603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12             522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13             426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15             379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       65                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 287936352500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                 5496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                7484                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                   5359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                   373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                   381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                   432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                   383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                   352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                   351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         3153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   260.567079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.170567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   253.328558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1113     35.30%     35.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255          778     24.67%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          404     12.81%     72.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          334     10.59%     83.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          259      8.21%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           45      1.43%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      1.11%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.67%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      5.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         3153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples          344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.563953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.439101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             69     20.06%     20.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             10      2.91%     22.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            11      3.20%     26.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           21      6.10%     32.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          151     43.90%     76.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           36     10.47%     86.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           25      7.27%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            7      2.03%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      1.16%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.29%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.58%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.58%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.29%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.29%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total          344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples          344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.738372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.449642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    14.379129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          249     72.38%     72.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.94%     77.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      2.03%     79.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.87%     80.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            4      1.16%     81.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      1.74%     83.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.49%     86.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      1.16%     87.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            4      1.16%     88.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            1      0.29%     89.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.45%     90.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      2.03%     92.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.58%     93.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.58%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            3      0.87%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.58%     95.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.58%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.29%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.29%     96.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.87%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.29%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.29%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.87%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.29%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.29%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total          344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   443574750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              544056000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  26795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    82771.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              101521.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        1.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     1.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                    3797                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                   5887                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                70.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               78.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  22183078.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   75.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                48437760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                25745280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              139658400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy              39536280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        5412519840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          1690148610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           319922880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13127907690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7649591040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319787742485                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1348242895905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           243.035992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        286782733750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    157748500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    434384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 316780371250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4002435500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    555667250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4432574500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                42732900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                22713075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              138280380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy              40324500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        4881470880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          1651756830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           276084480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12174563310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6636089760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1320833590665                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1346698875900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           242.757665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        287350673500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    130178500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    416650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 317822837000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3914600250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    611284500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4045883750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6       352192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            352192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6       466368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         466368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6         5503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total               5503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6         7287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total              7287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1082471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              1082471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1433394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             1433394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2515865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             2515865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                       5503                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                      7287                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                     5503                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                    7287                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                343296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                   8896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                 465856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                 352192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys              466368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   139                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3              411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5              287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7              260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10             334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11             394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13             270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0              515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1              490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2              418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7              462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8              664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9              656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10             637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11             596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12             509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14             386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15             377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       47                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 286917751000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                 5503                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                7287                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                   5364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                   351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                   373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                   389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                   426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                   378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                   359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                   351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                   341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                   337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         3043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.927046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.898913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   255.449212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1048     34.44%     34.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255          739     24.29%     58.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          402     13.21%     71.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          325     10.68%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          261      8.58%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.71%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.05%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.85%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          158      5.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         3043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.138554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.276470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             80     24.10%     24.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            27      8.13%     32.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          174     52.41%     84.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           35     10.54%     95.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            6      1.81%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            3      0.90%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            1      0.30%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            2      0.60%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            1      0.30%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.60%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.924699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.593225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    14.550373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          240     72.29%     72.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           12      3.61%     75.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            8      2.41%     78.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      1.20%     79.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.90%     80.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.20%     81.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.61%     85.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      1.20%     86.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            6      1.81%     88.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.60%     88.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.51%     90.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.30%     90.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            8      2.41%     93.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.60%     93.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.60%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            3      0.90%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.60%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.30%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.30%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.90%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.60%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.60%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.30%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.30%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.30%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.30%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   445956250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              546531250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  26820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    83138.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              101888.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        1.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     1.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     26.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                    3817                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                   5784                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                71.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               79.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  22432975.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                47266800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                25122900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              138216120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy              38664540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        5395924560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          1661486730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           330468480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12937914720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7661438400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319905135395                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1348143658815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           243.018103                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        273870470500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    179063500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    443858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 315620203500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4167159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    523257000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4426496500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                42076020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                22363935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              137337900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy              39870360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        4797879840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          1597256850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           276046560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    11931022260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6550705440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1321029774420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1346424905415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           242.708279                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        289143224500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    122710000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    394340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 319999483750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3683596500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    595961000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3892166250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7       352640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            352640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7       475200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         475200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7         5510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               5510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7         7425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total              7425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1083848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              1083848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1460539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             1460539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2544387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             2544387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                       5510                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                      7425                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                     5510                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                    7425                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                344320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                   8320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                 475200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                 352640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys              475200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2              336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4              347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9              251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11             396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12             441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13             276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14             403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15             418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1              486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2              413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3              330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7              459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8              663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9              665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10             645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11             597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12             509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13             419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14             390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15             386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       51                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 286917124000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                 5510                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                7425                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                   5380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                   355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                   381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                   391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                   426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                   373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                   382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                   359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                   350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                   350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         3132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   261.680715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.461004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   253.518021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1120     35.76%     35.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255          746     23.82%     59.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          425     13.57%     73.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          287      9.16%     82.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          291      9.29%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      1.76%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.89%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.70%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          158      5.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         3132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples          340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.829412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.785460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             68     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             11      3.24%     23.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            11      3.24%     26.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           14      4.12%     30.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          159     46.76%     77.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           31      9.12%     86.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           23      6.76%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            7      2.06%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      1.18%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.59%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.29%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.88%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.29%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.59%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.59%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total          340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples          340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.838235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.585109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    14.171735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          246     72.35%     72.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           13      3.82%     76.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      1.18%     77.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.88%     78.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      1.76%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            3      0.88%     80.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      4.12%     85.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      1.18%     86.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.35%     88.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      1.76%     90.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            4      1.18%     91.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      2.06%     93.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.29%     93.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.59%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            3      0.88%     95.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.29%     95.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.29%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.59%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            5      1.47%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.59%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.59%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.29%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total          340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   441374999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              542249999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  26900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    82039.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              100789.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        1.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     1.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     26.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                    3817                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                   5857                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                70.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               78.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  22181455.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   75.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                47659500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                25331625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              139158600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy              39364020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        5376256080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          1671901770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           326493600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12970791750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7555940640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1319946090330                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1348100539755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           243.010331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        285786438250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    172376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    427328000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 315957852500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4018543000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    534723250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4248584500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                42511560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                22595430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              138066180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy              40147020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        4768377120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          1556484750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           271733280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    11947983180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6461816160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1321094600400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1346345292390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           242.693927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        289158890000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    118834750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    385144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 320146433750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3546465750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    591215250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3897849500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   39419827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   22322333                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        21008                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  217535383                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15329                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 54                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           27                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1011803126.962963                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1068376780.482137                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           27    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       114001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2780960500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             27                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   302561359571                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  27318684428                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       650718642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157603125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    280979804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            249859420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              40771126                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4753908                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     20408734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   249859420                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     40771126                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          501731746                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         194167599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            66120671                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           36567629                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           157488437                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           82493087                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     61658868                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   39339013                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  22319855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              54637368.855832                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              596081273.144168                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.916035                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.083965                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         27785851                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               625252      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                194214905     69.12%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  150442      0.05%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   568988      0.20%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               23768657      8.46%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                32224337     11.47%     89.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               19245973      6.85%     96.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            7114621      2.53%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           3073882      1.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 280987057                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                5023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               5023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               671                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              671                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        18516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   19858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        12208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        21075                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    23759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              5201500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4800990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             2854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3142699                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1006312                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            13869000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1680384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          473                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7120522                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.629516                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.290171                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6586917     92.51%     92.51% |        9335      0.13%     92.64% |          11      0.00%     92.64% |        6212      0.09%     92.72% |      475958      6.68%     99.41% |       10976      0.15%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |       25479      0.36%     99.92% |        5634      0.08%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7120522                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    279392309                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000242                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000168                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.015550                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   279324734     99.98%     99.98% |       67575      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    279392309                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      279392309                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.128223                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.015933                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.536630                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   279385361    100.00%    100.00% |        1048      0.00%    100.00% |        1009      0.00%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |        4445      0.00%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        279392309                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    277895115                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   277895115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    277895115                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1497194                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.927860                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.102527                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.770056                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1490246     99.54%     99.54% |        1048      0.07%     99.61% |        1009      0.07%     99.67% |         212      0.01%     99.69% |        4445      0.30%     99.98% |         198      0.01%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1497194                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5761.314380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.023655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4001.344507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5702.151502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.008172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.529676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5758.618922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5796.958241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.006973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5643.763569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007100                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.274861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5637.571039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.006981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.567443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5557.582122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.182125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5677.772526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007050                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.109902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     61114012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       758321                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     61872333                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    216781103                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       738873                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    217519976                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.429598                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.016597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           80                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1405978                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams        82303                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested        81466                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits          643                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed          838                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009405                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004702                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3933.859092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4296.669389                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       161870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        21156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       183026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000778                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.512473                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.014238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4315.874570                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       139107                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        15526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       154633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000672                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   989.630883                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.001671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4475.193234                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       140854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        16418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       157272                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.947686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.023652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4351.530183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       239698                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        16464                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       256162                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.198978                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000751                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4630.167744                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       233288                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        16449                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       249737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.377284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000779                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4549.826661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       242988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        15594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       258582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.601386                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.006862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4301.262446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       145466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        15867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       161333                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000700                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.121474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4353.557768                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       137156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        17403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       154559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000663                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   989.823931                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.006829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.004702                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3433.859092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.007607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1900.333566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.004453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.873501                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1575304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90982                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1575304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1484853                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2       828837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       386578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1098001                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     12602432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       727856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    113421888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11878824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6630696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27833616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8784008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3796.669386                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.014238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3215.262504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.512987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.103652                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       188717                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       177720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       172390                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53735                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       113690                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      1509736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12795840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1379120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       985536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3868920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       909520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3815.874570                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.001671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3193.398559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1489.631258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.089300                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       160197                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154675                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       149434                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99530                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46058                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        98610                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1281576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        80000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11136600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1195472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       796240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3316176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       788880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3975.193237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.023652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3204.566132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.947686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.091160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       162806                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10921                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       156183                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       150980                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        97414                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1302448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11245176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1207840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       834176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3525912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       779312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3851.530183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.004869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3270.332669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000761                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.198977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.136472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       261678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10974                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       255114                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       249895                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48178                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       197035                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2093424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18368208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1999160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       823880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3468816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1576280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000751                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4130.167747                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.007011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3115.031264                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.377545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.132766                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       255227                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       248492                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       243311                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99335                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46458                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192317                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2041816                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17891424                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1946488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       794680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3344976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1538536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000779                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4049.826665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.006862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3119.759102                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.603189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.137848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       264078                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10126                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       258294                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       253105                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99390                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48522                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       199961                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2112624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        81008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18597168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2024840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       795120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3493584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1599688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3801.262446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.009609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3026.688584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.122432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.092302                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       166836                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10400                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       160590                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       155421                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98111                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46934                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1334688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        83200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11562480                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1243368                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       784888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3379248                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       832256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3853.557768                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.006829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3148.578502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1489.824815                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.089041                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       160069                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11932                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       152433                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       147254                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102022                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47722                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        94942                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1280552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        95456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10975176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1178032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       816176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3435984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       759536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5261.314380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3501.344507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.023917                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.004240                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0         5691                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10333                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4925                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0        45528                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       743976                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39400                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5202.151505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.529676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.008172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.004107                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0         5564                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10004                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0        44512                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       720288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37824                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5258.618922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.004027                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9795                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4558                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0        44272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       705240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5296.958244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.006996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.004066                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0         5516                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9900                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4656                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0        44128                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       712800                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37248                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5143.763569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.274861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.003995                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0         5490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9714                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4506                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0        43920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       699408                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5137.571039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.567443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.004032                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9810                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4594                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0        43968                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       706320                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36752                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5057.582125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.182125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.003960                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9621                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4419                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0        44024                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       692712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35352                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5177.772526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.109902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007114                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.004016                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9767                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4551                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0        44080                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       703224                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36408                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.002084                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26430                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211440                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.004702                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2400.333563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.004453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3715.262504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1990.512987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3693.398556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1989.631258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3704.566132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1990.947686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3770.332666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000761                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1991.198977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3615.031264                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1991.377545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3619.759102                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1991.603189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3526.688581                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1991.122431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3648.578502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1989.824814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.023917                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.008172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.007011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.006996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.007118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.007108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.007108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.007114                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.004563                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  3019.405590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3296.669383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.020809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.014238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3315.874570                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.009007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2500.001671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3475.193240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.007635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.023652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3351.530183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.007531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.004869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000751                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3630.167750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.007628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.007011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000779                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3549.826668                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.007562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.006862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3301.262446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.007705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.009609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3353.557768                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.007697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.006829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4761.314380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3001.344507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4702.151508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.529676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4758.618922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4796.958247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4643.763569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.274861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4637.571039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.567443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4557.582128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.182125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4677.772526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.109902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.005103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2519.405590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2796.669380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.020809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.014238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2815.874570                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.009007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2000.001671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2975.193243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.007635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.023652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2851.530183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.007531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.004869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000751                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3130.167753                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.007628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.007011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000779                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3049.826671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.007562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.006862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2801.262446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.007705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.009609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2853.557768                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.007697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.006829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4261.314380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2501.344507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4202.151511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.529676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4258.618922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4296.958250                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4143.763569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.274861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4137.571039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.567443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  4057.582131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.182125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4177.772526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.109902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.067279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1619608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90982                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1563675                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1521790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2       828837                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       386578                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1124431                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     12956864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       727856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    112584600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12174320                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6630696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27833616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8995448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         4858824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       272946                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4781598                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      7051881                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1160139                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3452061                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         38870592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2183568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    344275056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     56415048                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     83530008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     27616488                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5547503006000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.210454                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90982                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1575304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1484579                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       727856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    113421888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11876632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.536548                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1575304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       828837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       386578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1098001                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12602432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6630696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27833616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8784008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.073828                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       183026                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5691                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4863                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53735                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       113690                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1464208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       409752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       985536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3868920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       909520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133477                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5691                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       172029                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167527                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        45528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12386088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1340216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063165                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       154633                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5564                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4681                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99530                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46058                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        98610                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1237064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400608                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       796240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3316176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       788880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.115435                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5564                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       149111                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       144753                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        80000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10735992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1158024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065620                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       157272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4502                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        97414                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1258176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       834176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3525912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       779312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.116700                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10921                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       150649                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10846728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1171824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.080221                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       256162                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5516                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4602                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48178                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       197035                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2049296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       397152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       823880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3468816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1576280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.192723                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5516                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10974                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       249598                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       245293                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17971056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1962344                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.077866                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       249737                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5490                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4451                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99335                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46458                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192317                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1997896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       395280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       794680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3344976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1538536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.187666                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5490                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       243002                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238860                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17496144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1910880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.080575                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       258582                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4538                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99390                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48522                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       199961                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2068656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       395712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       795120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3493584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1599688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.195121                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10126                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       252798                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       248567                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        81008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18201456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1988536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064526                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       161333                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4361                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98111                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46934                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1290664                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       396216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        34888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       784888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3379248                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       832256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.120078                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10400                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155087                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       151060                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        83200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11166264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1208480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       154559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4500                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102022                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47722                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        94942                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1236472                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       396720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       816176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3435984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       759536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.113913                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11932                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       146923                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       142754                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        95456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10578456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1142032                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003800                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5691                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        45528                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       321696                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004679                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5865                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4823                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       422280                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38584                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003757                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5564                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4440                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44512                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       319680                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004457                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5564                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4643                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400608                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37144                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003631                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4261                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       306792                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004422                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4465                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398448                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003714                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5516                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4384                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44128                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       315648                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004418                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5516                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       397152                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36608                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003602                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       304128                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004388                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4421                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       395280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003664                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4314                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43968                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       310608                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004399                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4510                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       395712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36080                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003530                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4118                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44024                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       296496                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004390                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4325                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       396216                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        34600                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003626                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4257                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44080                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       306504                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004405                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4461                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       396720                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35688                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002138                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002031                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26430                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211440                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.147819                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90982                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1484731                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1484579                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       727856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    106900632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11876632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.073828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       183026                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5691                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4863                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53735                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       113690                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1464208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       409752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       985536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3868920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       909520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.063165                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       154633                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5564                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4681                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99530                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46058                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        98610                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1237064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       796240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3316176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       788880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.065620                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       157272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4502                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48971                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        97414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1258176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       834176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3525912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       779312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.080221                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       256162                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5516                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4602                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102985                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48178                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       197035                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2049296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       397152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       823880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3468816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1576280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.077866                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       249737                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5490                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4451                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99335                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46458                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192317                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1997896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       395280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       794680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3344976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1538536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.080575                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       258582                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2        99390                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48522                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       199961                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2068656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       395712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       795120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3493584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1599688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.064526                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       161333                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4361                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46934                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1290664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       396216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        34888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       784888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3379248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       832256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.064168                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       154559                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4500                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102022                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47722                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        94942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1236472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       396720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       816176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3435984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       759536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.003800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0         5691                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4468                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0        45528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       321696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.003757                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0         5564                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0        44512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       319680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.003631                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4261                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0        44272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       306792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.003714                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0         5516                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0        44128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       315648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.003602                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0         5490                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0        43920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       304128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.003664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0        43968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       310608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.003530                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4118                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0        44024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       296496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.003626                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4257                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0        44080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       306504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.002138                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3888720                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.972118                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.821236                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3444532     88.58%     88.58% |        9222      0.24%     88.81% |           0      0.00%     88.81% |           0      0.00%     88.81% |      392877     10.10%     98.92% |       10976      0.28%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |           0      0.00%     99.20% |       25479      0.66%     99.86% |        5634      0.14%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3888720                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3140820                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.223569                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.309331                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3051403     97.15%     97.15% |           0      0.00%     97.15% |         113      0.00%     97.16% |           0      0.00%     97.16% |          11      0.00%     97.16% |           0      0.00%     97.16% |        6212      0.20%     97.35% |           0      0.00%     97.35% |       83081      2.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3140820                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         90982                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       90982    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           90982                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     38252967                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.245353                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.032523                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.844979                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    38251567    100.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |         951      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      38252967                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37841702                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37841702    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37841702                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       411265                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.820965                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.627193                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.990451                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      409865     99.66%     99.66% |         236      0.06%     99.72% |         147      0.04%     99.75% |          20      0.00%     99.76% |         951      0.23%     99.99% |          44      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       411265                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     22310133                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.538922                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.043269                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     14.560727                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    22305898     99.98%     99.98% |         747      0.00%     99.98% |         826      0.00%     99.99% |         189      0.00%     99.99% |        2336      0.01%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      22310133                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22011762                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22011762    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22011762                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       298371                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.296885                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.744427                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   119.377271                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      294136     98.58%     98.58% |         747      0.25%     98.83% |         826      0.28%     99.11% |         189      0.06%     99.17% |        2336      0.78%     99.95% |         109      0.04%     99.99% |          24      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       298371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    217520054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.062010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009711                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.032019                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   217518755    100.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |        1144      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    217520054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    216781103                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   216781103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    216781103                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       738951                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.253565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.198853                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.724375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      737652     99.82%     99.82% |          65      0.01%     99.83% |          36      0.00%     99.84% |           3      0.00%     99.84% |        1144      0.15%     99.99% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       738951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1304203                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.696737                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.115000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.289668                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1304183    100.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1304203                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1256579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1256579    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1256579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        47624                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.080443                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.708116                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.383792                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       47604     99.96%     99.96% |           6      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          14      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        47624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.506462                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     3.278085                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.262216                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        1493     60.30%     60.30% |           0      0.00%     60.30% |           0      0.00%     60.30% |           0      0.00%     60.30% |          44      1.78%     62.08% |         939     37.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1493                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1493    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1493                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          983                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.907426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.895484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.660630                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          44      4.48%      4.48% |         939     95.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          983                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2476    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2476    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2476                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        5691     12.85%     12.85% |        5564     12.56%     25.40% |        5534     12.49%     37.89% |        5516     12.45%     50.35% |        5490     12.39%     62.74% |        5496     12.41%     75.14% |        5503     12.42%     87.56% |        5510     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        44304                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        4468     12.96%     12.96% |        4440     12.88%     25.85% |        4261     12.36%     38.21% |        4384     12.72%     50.93% |        4224     12.26%     63.18% |        4314     12.52%     75.70% |        4118     11.95%     87.65% |        4257     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        34466                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        5730     12.92%     12.92% |        5564     12.55%     25.47% |        5534     12.48%     37.95% |        5516     12.44%     50.39% |        5490     12.38%     62.77% |        5496     12.39%     75.16% |        5503     12.41%     87.57% |        5510     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        44343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7632     12.76%     12.76% |        7604     12.71%     25.47% |        7432     12.43%     37.90% |        7554     12.63%     50.53% |        7394     12.36%     62.89% |        7484     12.51%     75.40% |        7287     12.18%     87.59% |        7425     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        59812                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         174    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          174                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        3282     12.50%     12.50% |        3282     12.50%     25.00% |        3282     12.50%     37.50% |        3282     12.50%     50.00% |        3282     12.50%     62.50% |        3282     12.50%     75.00% |        3282     12.50%     87.50% |        3282     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        26256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         102     14.31%     14.31% |          85     11.92%     26.23% |          93     13.04%     39.27% |          80     11.22%     50.49% |          85     11.92%     62.41% |          84     11.78%     74.19% |          94     13.18%     87.38% |          90     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          713                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        5691     12.85%     12.85% |        5564     12.56%     25.40% |        5534     12.49%     37.89% |        5516     12.45%     50.35% |        5490     12.39%     62.74% |        5496     12.41%     75.14% |        5503     12.42%     87.56% |        5510     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        44304                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          39    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        3164     12.48%     12.48% |        3164     12.48%     24.97% |        3171     12.51%     37.48% |        3170     12.51%     49.98% |        3170     12.51%     62.49% |        3170     12.51%     75.00% |        3169     12.50%     87.50% |        3168     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        25346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          39    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        3164     12.48%     12.48% |        3164     12.48%     24.97% |        3171     12.51%     37.48% |        3170     12.51%     49.98% |        3170     12.51%     62.49% |        3170     12.51%     75.00% |        3169     12.50%     87.50% |        3168     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        25346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        4215     12.61%     12.61% |        4322     12.93%     25.54% |        4150     12.42%     37.96% |        4272     12.78%     50.74% |        4112     12.30%     63.05% |        4202     12.57%     75.62% |        4005     11.98%     87.60% |        4143     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        33421                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         118     12.97%     12.97% |         118     12.97%     25.93% |         111     12.20%     38.13% |         112     12.31%     50.44% |         112     12.31%     62.75% |         112     12.31%     75.05% |         113     12.42%     87.47% |         114     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         102     14.31%     14.31% |          85     11.92%     26.23% |          93     13.04%     39.27% |          80     11.22%     50.49% |          85     11.92%     62.41% |          84     11.78%     74.19% |          94     13.18%     87.38% |          90     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          713                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        5691     12.85%     12.85% |        5564     12.56%     25.40% |        5534     12.49%     37.89% |        5516     12.45%     50.35% |        5490     12.39%     62.74% |        5496     12.41%     75.14% |        5503     12.42%     87.56% |        5510     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        44304                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        4215     12.61%     12.61% |        4322     12.93%     25.54% |        4150     12.42%     37.96% |        4272     12.78%     50.74% |        4112     12.30%     63.05% |        4202     12.57%     75.62% |        4005     11.98%     87.60% |        4143     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        33421                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         118     12.97%     12.97% |         118     12.97%     25.93% |         111     12.20%     38.13% |         112     12.31%     50.44% |         112     12.31%     62.75% |         112     12.31%     75.05% |         113     12.42%     87.47% |         114     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         118     12.97%     12.97% |         118     12.97%     25.93% |         111     12.20%     38.13% |         112     12.31%     50.44% |         112     12.31%     62.75% |         112     12.31%     75.05% |         113     12.42%     87.47% |         114     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          910                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         174    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          174                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         174    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            174                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         174    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          174                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         174    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          174                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        26256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    38253000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     38253000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   217520101    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    217520101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    23619288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     23619288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1484673    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1484673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       90573    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        90573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      442194    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       442194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1133110    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1133110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1484579    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1484579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       33088    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        33088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |        8651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total         8651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       40369    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        40369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      411158    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       411158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      738873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       738873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      255891    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       255891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         259    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       31149    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        31149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |        7479    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total         7479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       40125    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        40125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    12987976    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     12987976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   216781103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    216781103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |       90573    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        90573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1097953    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1097953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load |        1845    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Load::total         1845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        1172    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         1172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store |         100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Store::total          100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    24853726    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     24853726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23272310    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23272310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      386626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       386626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         143    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          47    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      411157    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       411157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      739059    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       739059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |     1097953    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total      1097953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      346978    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       346978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |       90573    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total        90573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      386626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       386626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         105    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       31037    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        31037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |        7408    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total         7408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |         460    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total          460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       39665    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        39665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.PF_Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.PF_Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       59834      8.02%      8.02% |       55101      7.38%     15.40% |       52925      7.09%     22.49% |      153150     20.52%     43.01% |      150401     20.15%     63.16% |      159189     21.33%     84.49% |       63216      8.47%     92.96% |       52536      7.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       746352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       69334     15.68%     15.68% |       53479     12.09%     27.77% |       55379     12.52%     40.29% |       54853     12.40%     52.69% |       52888     11.96%     64.65% |       50866     11.50%     76.15% |       51194     11.57%     87.72% |       54316     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       442309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       53858     13.93%     13.93% |       46053     11.91%     25.84% |       48968     12.66%     38.51% |       48159     12.46%     50.96% |       46448     12.01%     62.97% |       48527     12.55%     75.53% |       46923     12.14%     87.66% |       47707     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       386643                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      167425     11.28%     11.28% |      144668      9.74%     21.02% |      146385      9.86%     30.88% |      245213     16.52%     47.40% |      238775     16.08%     63.48% |      248483     16.74%     80.22% |      150966     10.17%     90.39% |      142664      9.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1484579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        4215     12.61%     12.61% |        4322     12.93%     25.54% |        4150     12.42%     37.96% |        4272     12.78%     50.74% |        4112     12.30%     63.05% |        4202     12.57%     75.62% |        4005     11.98%     87.60% |        4143     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        33421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |         102     14.31%     14.31% |          85     11.92%     26.23% |          93     13.04%     39.27% |          80     11.22%     50.49% |          85     11.92%     62.41% |          84     11.78%     74.19% |          94     13.18%     87.38% |          90     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          713                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |        5691     12.85%     12.85% |        5564     12.56%     25.40% |        5534     12.49%     37.89% |        5516     12.45%     50.35% |        5490     12.39%     62.74% |        5496     12.41%     75.14% |        5503     12.42%     87.56% |        5510     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total        44304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        4570     12.99%     12.99% |        4525     12.86%     25.85% |        4354     12.38%     38.23% |        4464     12.69%     50.92% |        4309     12.25%     63.17% |        4398     12.50%     75.67% |        4212     11.97%     87.64% |        4347     12.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total        35179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          40     14.60%     14.60% |          38     13.87%     28.47% |          37     13.50%     41.97% |          26      9.49%     51.46% |          30     10.95%     62.41% |          28     10.22%     72.63% |          36     13.14%     85.77% |          39     14.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      123192     14.86%     14.86% |       99530     12.01%     26.87% |      104272     12.58%     39.45% |      102985     12.43%     51.88% |       99335     11.98%     63.86% |       99390     11.99%     75.85% |       98111     11.84%     87.69% |      102022     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       828837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         506     24.21%     24.21% |         236     11.29%     35.50% |         222     10.62%     46.12% |         224     10.72%     56.84% |         224     10.72%     67.56% |         224     10.72%     78.28% |         226     10.81%     89.09% |         228     10.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         2090                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         355     12.25%     12.25% |         375     12.94%     25.19% |         378     13.04%     38.23% |         358     12.35%     50.59% |         339     11.70%     62.28% |         349     12.04%     74.33% |         368     12.70%     87.03% |         376     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         2898                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        1109     12.95%     12.95% |        1098     12.82%     25.76% |        1063     12.41%     38.17% |        1066     12.44%     50.62% |        1083     12.64%     63.26% |        1052     12.28%     75.54% |        1046     12.21%     87.75% |        1049     12.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total         8566                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4227     12.87%     12.87% |        4091     12.46%     25.33% |        4093     12.46%     37.79% |        4092     12.46%     50.25% |        4068     12.39%     62.64% |        4095     12.47%     75.11% |        4089     12.45%     87.56% |        4085     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        32840                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       59478      8.00%      8.00% |       54726      7.36%     15.36% |       52544      7.07%     22.43% |      152792     20.55%     42.98% |      150061     20.18%     63.17% |      158837     21.37%     84.53% |       62846      8.45%     92.98% |       52160      7.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       743444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.74%      1.74% |          75     65.22%     66.96% |          27     23.48%     90.43% |           1      0.87%     91.30% |           3      2.61%     93.91% |           6      5.22%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |       59834      8.02%      8.02% |       55103      7.38%     15.40% |       53000      7.10%     22.50% |      153178     20.52%     43.02% |      150402     20.15%     63.17% |      159192     21.33%     84.49% |       63222      8.47%     92.96% |       52537      7.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total       746468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          39     15.06%     15.06% |          36     13.90%     28.96% |          35     13.51%     42.47% |          25      9.65%     52.12% |          27     10.42%     62.55% |          27     10.42%     72.97% |          33     12.74%     85.71% |          37     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           3     30.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       68225     15.73%     15.73% |       52379     12.08%     27.81% |       54241     12.51%     40.32% |       53760     12.40%     52.72% |       51804     11.95%     64.67% |       49811     11.49%     76.15% |       50142     11.56%     87.72% |       53266     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       433628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       34166     12.98%     12.98% |       32000     12.16%     25.14% |       33991     12.91%     38.05% |       33119     12.58%     50.63% |       31421     11.94%     62.57% |       34334     13.04%     75.61% |       32470     12.34%     87.95% |       31729     12.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       263230                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4215     12.61%     12.61% |        4322     12.93%     25.54% |        4150     12.42%     37.96% |        4272     12.78%     50.74% |        4112     12.30%     63.05% |        4202     12.57%     75.62% |        4005     11.98%     87.60% |        4143     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        33421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          63     13.88%     13.88% |          49     10.79%     24.67% |          58     12.78%     37.44% |          55     12.11%     49.56% |          58     12.78%     62.33% |          57     12.56%     74.89% |          61     13.44%     88.33% |          53     11.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          454                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         117     13.07%     13.07% |         116     12.96%     26.03% |         109     12.18%     38.21% |         111     12.40%     50.61% |         109     12.18%     62.79% |         111     12.40%     75.20% |         110     12.29%     87.49% |         112     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          895                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       15465     17.07%     17.07% |        9962     11.00%     28.07% |       10884     12.02%     40.09% |       10948     12.09%     52.18% |       10959     12.10%     64.28% |       10098     11.15%     75.43% |       10364     11.44%     86.87% |       11893     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        90573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      107591     14.58%     14.58% |       89565     12.13%     26.71% |       93385     12.65%     39.36% |       92035     12.47%     51.83% |       88373     11.97%     63.80% |       89291     12.10%     75.90% |       87744     11.89%     87.79% |       90127     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       738111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         136     90.67%     90.67% |           2      1.33%     92.00% |           2      1.33%     93.33% |           1      0.67%     94.00% |           3      2.00%     96.00% |           1      0.67%     96.67% |           3      2.00%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        4570     12.99%     12.99% |        4525     12.86%     25.85% |        4354     12.38%     38.23% |        4464     12.69%     50.92% |        4309     12.25%     63.17% |        4398     12.50%     75.67% |        4212     11.97%     87.64% |        4347     12.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total        35179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         117     13.07%     13.07% |         116     12.96%     26.03% |         109     12.18%     38.21% |         111     12.40%     50.61% |         109     12.18%     62.79% |         111     12.40%     75.20% |         110     12.29%     87.49% |         112     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          895                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           2     13.33%     20.00% |           2     13.33%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           3     20.00%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           3     20.00%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         136     90.67%     90.67% |           2      1.33%     92.00% |           2      1.33%     93.33% |           1      0.67%     94.00% |           3      2.00%     96.00% |           1      0.67%     96.67% |           3      2.00%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          39     15.06%     15.06% |          36     13.90%     28.96% |          35     13.51%     42.47% |          25      9.65%     52.12% |          27     10.42%     62.55% |          27     10.42%     72.97% |          33     12.74%     85.71% |          37     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        1109     12.95%     12.95% |        1098     12.82%     25.76% |        1063     12.41%     38.17% |        1066     12.44%     50.62% |        1083     12.64%     63.26% |        1052     12.28%     75.54% |        1046     12.21%     87.75% |        1049     12.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total         8566                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         355     12.25%     12.25% |         375     12.94%     25.19% |         378     13.04%     38.23% |         358     12.35%     50.59% |         339     11.70%     62.28% |         349     12.04%     74.33% |         368     12.70%     87.03% |         376     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         2898                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4227     12.87%     12.87% |        4091     12.46%     25.33% |        4093     12.46%     37.79% |        4092     12.46%     50.25% |        4068     12.39%     62.64% |        4095     12.47%     75.11% |        4089     12.45%     87.56% |        4085     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        32840                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      123192     14.86%     14.86% |       99530     12.01%     26.87% |      104272     12.58%     39.45% |      102985     12.43%     51.88% |       99335     11.98%     63.86% |       99390     11.99%     75.85% |       98111     11.84%     87.69% |      102022     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total       828837                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
