sim_seconds                                  0.526624                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                526624174500                       # Number of ticks simulated
sim_insts                                   619298456                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     702185156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
host_inst_rate                                1830936                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1053248349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1053248349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  444695927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  174602529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    505526237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    196658919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       67071842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28738594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       108836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        74784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  142087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_misses::total                108939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        92796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            92796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        66851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            66851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        56822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            56822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        5.944090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       149618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           149618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        66793                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            66793                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       149618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       149618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        66793                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        66793                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                46152                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     46152                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          108                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
*********Additional data************
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        13.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     13.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    44.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          75776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           5824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        4487104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data        2402752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   460623966                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   178534857                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.Branches                         77922192                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.Branches                         30548270                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       30829400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14360448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36242442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14378146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        50537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        49897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        58299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24887                       # number of WriteReq misses
