sim_seconds                             ,    0.529262                     , # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                               ,529262473000                     , # Number of ticks simulated
sim_insts                               ,   619376159                     , # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                 ,   702262859                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
host_inst_rate                          ,     1745912                     , # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
system.cpu0.numCycles                   ,  1058524946                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numCycles                   ,  1058524946                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numCycles                   ,           0                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numCycles                   ,           0                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numCycles                   ,           0                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numCycles                   ,           0                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numCycles                   ,           0                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numCycles                   ,           0                     , # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts              ,   444770254                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedInsts              ,   174605905                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedInsts              ,           0                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedInsts              ,           0                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedInsts              ,           0                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedInsts              ,           0                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedInsts              ,           0                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedInsts              ,           0                     , # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                ,   505600564                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                ,   196662295                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                ,           0                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                ,           0                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                ,           0                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                ,           0                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                ,           0                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                ,           0                     , # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total  ,    67105318                     , # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total  ,    28727943                     , # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total,      119862                     , # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total,       86557                     , # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_hits::total          ,       69019                     , # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_misses::total        ,      182073                     , # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_hits::total           ,       69755                     , # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_misses::total         ,      112308                     , # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks ,      74092                    ,  # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total      ,     74092                     , # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks ,      66851                    ,  # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total      ,     66851                     , # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks ,      40622                    ,  # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total      ,     40622                     , # number of writebacks
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    , 66.913241                     , # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks   ,  0.008168                     , # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks,      114714                   ,   # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total     ,    114714                     , # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks,       66793                   ,   # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total     ,     66793                     , # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks,      114714               ,       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     , 114714                    ,  # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks,       66793               ,       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total     ,  66793                    ,  # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks             ,138309                     , # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                  ,138309                     , # number of writebacks
system.l20.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks ,        348                ,      # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l20.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks,         inf             ,         # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       ,1.089697                     , # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      ,0.000033                     , # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks   ,   138308                    ,  # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        ,  138308                     , # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writeback,       138308                ,      # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total    ,  138308                     , # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks            ,   48574                     , # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                 ,   48574                     , # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks,         214                 ,     # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks,         inf              ,        # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
*********Additional data************
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                   ,    13.54                     , # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                ,    13.58                     , # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                   ,     5.87                     , # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                ,     5.87                     , # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                    , 12800.00                     , # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate               ,    45.13                     , # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst     ,    75584                     , # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst     ,     6016                     , # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     ,  4532480                     , # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data     ,  2573632                     , # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  ,460683458                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  ,178537118                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   ,       16                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   ,        0                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   ,        0                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                   ,        0                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                   ,        0                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                   ,        0                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                   ,        0                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                   ,        0                     , # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                  ,        0                     , # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.Branches                       , 77937064                     , # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.Branches                       , 30549391                     , # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     , 30859068                     , # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     , 14361567                     , # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    , 36246250                     , # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    , 14366376                     , # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total   ,    50537                     , # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total   ,    49897                     , # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total  ,     69325                    ,  # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total  ,     36660                    ,  # number of WriteReq misses
