
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.307587                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1307586782000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6676993984000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 564326                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1016427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1478032864                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2146564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   884.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   499248453                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     899212994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     75556160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          75556160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     76201664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       76201664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1180565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1180565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1190651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1190651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     57782903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             57782903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     58276563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            58276563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    116059466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           116059466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1180565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1190651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1180565                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1190651                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              57539968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               18016192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               70545216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               75556160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            76201664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                281503                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                88391                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            63301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            46065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            53333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            48927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            54418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            53613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            64725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            39841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            79080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            43482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           43002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           40465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           92412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           76962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           39253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           60183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            76913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            55236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            66999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            65332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            69284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            67533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            86000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            51769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            95562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            49397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           52730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           46320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          103568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           89806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           51247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           74573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1307587414500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1180565                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1190651                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 899043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 12739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 13110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 65982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 67091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 67312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 67373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 67433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 67447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 67467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 67596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 67622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 67597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 67543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 67297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 67201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 67095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 67013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 66985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1118667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   114.497930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.852676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.763729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       680315     60.81%     60.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       335250     29.97%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73900      6.61%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18180      1.63%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5982      0.53%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2007      0.18%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1094      0.10%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          776      0.07%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1163      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1118667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        66956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.427714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.255150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0               87      0.13%      0.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1               98      0.15%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2               50      0.07%      0.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3               53      0.08%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4               47      0.07%      0.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5               66      0.10%      0.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6              162      0.24%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7              380      0.57%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8              753      1.12%      2.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9             1522      2.27%      4.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10            2937      4.39%      9.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11            5372      8.02%     17.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12            8220     12.28%     29.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13           11024     16.46%     45.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14           12706     18.98%     64.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15           11410     17.04%     81.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16           10079     15.05%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17            1730      2.58%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18             229      0.34%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19              27      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20               4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        66956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        66956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.462587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.419584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.486430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        54032     80.70%     80.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        12566     18.77%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           95      0.14%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           15      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           21      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           33      0.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           30      0.04%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           32      0.05%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           46      0.07%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           25      0.04%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           11      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            5      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        66956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 36158065250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            53015477750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4495310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    40217.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               58967.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       44.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       53.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    57.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    58.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  340293                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 542371                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                37.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    551441.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   44.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              5248556880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2789666550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             4482406320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3978396900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        118199574480.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         77384505300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          4583992320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   360946792590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   145870438080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1288747461765                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2012283805215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           301.375709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        1161944341000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5993802750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39920386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 238846983500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 320570564250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  99728662000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 602527159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              5005925400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2660708655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             4345575360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3697519140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        120063162960.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         77083331550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          4616307840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   364949804550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   150595986720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1284064606935                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2017148202210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           302.104240                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        1169015133250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5477239750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40502898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 215813751250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 310303458750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  92595066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 642897923250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     71243200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          71243200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     71896896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       71896896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1113175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1113175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1123389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1123389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     54484491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             54484491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     54984416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            54984416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    109468907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           109468907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1113175                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1123389                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1113175                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1123389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              56499008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               14744192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               68138368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               71243200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            71896896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                230378                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                58718                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            50628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            44645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            53110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            52993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            51837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            52123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            65626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            34444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            90356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            47548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           38821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           33833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          102537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           73180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           38260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           52856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            66382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            53105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            63324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            66523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            68063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            65365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            85716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            38906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           108524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            54788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           47437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           38091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          117754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           84102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           41399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           65183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1307586837500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1113175                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1123389                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 882797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 11677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 12066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 64051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 65049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 65144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 65176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 65214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 65257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 65231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 65277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 65383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 65240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 65158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 64999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 64926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 64840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 64788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 64767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1045447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   119.219159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.819029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.824885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       609219     58.27%     58.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       328450     31.42%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        74509      7.13%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20991      2.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7013      0.67%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2049      0.20%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1158      0.11%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          799      0.08%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1259      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1045447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        64752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.633417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.267393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0              102      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1              107      0.17%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2               37      0.06%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3               25      0.04%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4               29      0.04%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5               60      0.09%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6              135      0.21%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7              359      0.55%      1.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8              750      1.16%      2.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9             1403      2.17%      4.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10            2584      3.99%      8.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11            4328      6.68%     15.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12            6925     10.69%     26.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13            9855     15.22%     41.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14           11978     18.50%     59.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15           11625     17.95%     77.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16           12481     19.28%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17            1734      2.68%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18             205      0.32%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19              27      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        64752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        64752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.442149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.396811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.561945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        52958     81.79%     81.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        11509     17.77%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           17      0.03%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.01%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           21      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           29      0.04%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           36      0.06%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           28      0.04%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           41      0.06%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           24      0.04%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           13      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            6      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        64752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 34526048500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            51078492250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4413985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    39109.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               57859.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       43.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       52.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    54.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    54.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  351698                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 550312                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                39.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               51.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    584640.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   46.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              5015714340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2665907805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             4278216600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3747182220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        116733658080.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         76093618890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          4592220960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   359440401150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   144316578720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1290544926375                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2007476526780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           300.655733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        1163295157250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6082306250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39303928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 248041134750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 315104093750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98905459750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 600149954250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              4637772720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2465027070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             4268406240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3594565080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        118789014240.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         75274845240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          4578710880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   360564619560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   150873853440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1286931562920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2012039253420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           301.339084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        1172093618750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5330559000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39900890000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 226363925250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 304015397250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  90259370750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 641718079250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     73050816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          73050816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     73704512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       73704512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1141419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1141419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1151633                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           1151633                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     55866897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             55866897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     56366822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            56366822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    112233719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           112233719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1141419                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   1151633                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1141419                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 1151633                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              56738816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               16312000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               69256640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               73050816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            73704512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                254875                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                69492                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            51526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            44155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            58949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            52551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            59608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            49714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            65635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            33945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            97865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            48158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           35180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           31448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           98758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           66163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           38261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           54628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            67416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            53559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            70854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            69758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            79993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            62271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            85705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            38941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           117025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            58881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           42084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           35458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12          110099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           78147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           41413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           70531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1307585615000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1141419                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             1151633                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 886544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 12656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 12980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 64979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 65973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 66036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 66067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 66130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 66210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 66219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 66266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 66300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 66127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 66037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 65988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 65960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 65816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 65753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 65735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1044794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   120.593526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.999099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.719684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       596938     57.13%     57.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       336633     32.22%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78605      7.52%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20443      1.96%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6952      0.67%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2066      0.20%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1156      0.11%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          811      0.08%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1190      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1044794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.494406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.274740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0              104      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1              109      0.17%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2               39      0.06%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3               25      0.04%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4               38      0.06%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5               89      0.14%      0.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6              161      0.25%      0.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7              349      0.53%      1.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8              720      1.10%      2.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9             1443      2.20%      4.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10            2786      4.24%      8.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11            5104      7.77%     16.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12            7967     12.13%     28.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13           10532     16.03%     44.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14           11987     18.25%     63.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15           10965     16.69%     79.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16           11320     17.23%     97.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17            1709      2.60%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18             217      0.33%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19              29      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20               4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        65697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.471604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.421677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.733339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        52942     80.59%     80.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        12469     18.98%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           29      0.04%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.01%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.03%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           19      0.03%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           45      0.07%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           34      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           19      0.03%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           14      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.00%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           20      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        65697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 33954934000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            50577634000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4432720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    38300.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               57050.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       43.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       52.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    55.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    56.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  361193                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 562691                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                40.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               52.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    570238.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   46.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              4992909180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2653790370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             4207594860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            3746106900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        116737345920.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         75260763390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          4637798880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy   356669779350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy   144601897440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1292773787580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2006331036210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           300.484174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        1163867830000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6129939000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39325078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 254552747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 313487303500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98261801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 595829937750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              4601151660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2445566310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             4166354220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            3541634280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        118006577520.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         74689810350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          4365027840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy   369247790370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy   145251989280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1285362279045                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2011728206595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           301.292498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        1172206367750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5005457500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39699118000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 224333667500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 292293234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  90674655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 655580657250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     69497600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          69497600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70151296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       70151296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1085900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1085900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1096114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1096114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     53149512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             53149512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     53649438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            53649438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    106798950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           106798950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1085900                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   1096114                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1085900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 1096114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              53322944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               16174656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               65143360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               69497600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            70151296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                252729                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                78248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            66009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            44091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            52008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            37300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            42678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            50894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            70045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            39724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            79687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           36618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           32964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           93358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           55602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           37711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           54256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            85015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            55902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            63668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            46972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            52200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            66968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            91854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            47096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            96576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            49911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           41514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           37998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          112403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           63821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           40945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           65022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1307586127000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1085900                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             1096114                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 833171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 11830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 12166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 61025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 62024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 62105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 62105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 62175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 62234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 62197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 62305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 62399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 62262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 62147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 62034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 62038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 61932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 61848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 61830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       989986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   119.664690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.561900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    99.966875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       586530     59.25%     59.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       295841     29.88%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        74421      7.52%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20679      2.09%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7189      0.73%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2174      0.22%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1135      0.11%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          819      0.08%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1198      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       989986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        61776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.486953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.368099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0               88      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1              120      0.19%      0.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2               47      0.08%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3               29      0.05%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4               52      0.08%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5              100      0.16%      0.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6              243      0.39%      1.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7              422      0.68%      1.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8              833      1.35%      3.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9             1565      2.53%      5.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10            2756      4.46%     10.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11            4529      7.33%     17.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12            7015     11.36%     28.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13            9326     15.10%     43.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14           10799     17.48%     61.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15           10584     17.13%     78.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16           11523     18.65%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17            1544      2.50%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18             179      0.29%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19              21      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        61776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        61776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.476706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.425346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.731422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        49813     80.63%     80.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        11644     18.85%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           45      0.07%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           12      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           23      0.04%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           44      0.07%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           32      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           28      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.05%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           12      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            8      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           18      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        61776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 34993696750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            50615653000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                4165855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    42000.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               60750.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       40.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       49.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    53.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    53.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  334182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 526869                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                40.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               51.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    599256.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   46.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              4775596140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2538289545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             4224216780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            3733897320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        116704770000.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         75195086850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          4787036160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy   344593973670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy   149418099360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1297074012405                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2003102981220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           300.000711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        1167373132750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6604607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39353846250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 266698950500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 325276629750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  94255534500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 575397552500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              4409821080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2343871695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             4069435860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            3445330500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        118845561120.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         75240960450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          4747640160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy   349244294730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy   153413227680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1292629037310                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2008450818225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           300.801650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        1171823845500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6015626500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40064868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 245070446500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 317359130250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  89683155750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 609395249000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     69348096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total          69348096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4     70001792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total       70001792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1083564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total            1083564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1093778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total           1093778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     53035177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             53035177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4     53535102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            53535102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4    106570279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total           106570279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                    1083564                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                   1093778                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                  1083564                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                 1093778                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM              53543040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ               15805056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten               65510976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys               69348096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            70001792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                246954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                70169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            55065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            42552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            48515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            55216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            49294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            49159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            71948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            34660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8            79957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9            36492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10           38982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11           31264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12           90065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13           64939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14           37194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15           51308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            72910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            54002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            57669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            68637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            61638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            66378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            91079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            40287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8            98691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9            44788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10           45049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11           36719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12          109021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13           73682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14           40357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15           62702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 1307587025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6              1083564                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6             1093778                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                 836610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                 12125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                 12403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                 61568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                 62335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                 62349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                 62378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                 62449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                 62490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                 62477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                 62592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                 62612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                 62476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                 62432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                 62377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                 62363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                 62261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                 62179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                 62141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       984211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   120.964110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.747626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    99.955720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127       570404     57.96%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255       305566     31.05%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383        75841      7.71%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20295      2.06%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6772      0.69%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2085      0.21%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1140      0.12%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          865      0.09%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1243      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       984211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples        62089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.474400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.330988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0               74      0.12%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::1              113      0.18%      0.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::2               34      0.05%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3               24      0.04%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4               27      0.04%      0.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5               79      0.13%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6              183      0.29%      0.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7              400      0.64%      1.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8              869      1.40%      2.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9             1676      2.70%      5.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10            2812      4.53%     10.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11            4761      7.67%     17.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12            7159     11.53%     29.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13            9493     15.29%     44.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14           10878     17.52%     62.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15           10222     16.46%     78.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16           11582     18.65%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17            1504      2.42%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18             170      0.27%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19              28      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total        62089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples        62089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.486157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.431153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.902172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        49865     80.31%     80.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        11912     19.19%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           47      0.08%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.01%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           22      0.04%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           24      0.04%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           50      0.08%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           22      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.05%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           18      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            9      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total        62089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                 33879566500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat            49566004000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                4183050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    40496.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               59246.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                       40.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                       50.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                    53.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                    53.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                  343903                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                 532108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                41.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               51.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                    600542.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   47.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy              4737261480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy              2517906600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy             4128083820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy            3655143180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        116570163840.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy         75099399810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy          4567383840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy   352320691320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy   147425544000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1293474001365                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          2004549307725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           300.217329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        1165811972000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5976961000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39266988000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 255820659250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 319078925000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  96533067000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 590912554750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy              4377326940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy              2326604445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy             3965006220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy            3387983580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        118690671840.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy         74375538000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy          4697283360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy   351549383280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy   154020007680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1291022285310                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          2008471921155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           300.804811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        1172086033000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5810635500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40000562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 239044464000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 316050607750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  89687697500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 616993225250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     73701504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total          73701504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5     74355200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total       74355200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1151586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total            1151586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1161800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total           1161800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     56364522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total             56364522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5     56864448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            56864448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5    113228970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total           113228970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                    1151586                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                   1161800                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                  1151586                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                 1161800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM              58323776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ               15377728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten               70073728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys               73701504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            74355200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                240277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                66908                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            51252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            43561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            48166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            51665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            56415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            48689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            75327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            42247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8           102015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            38589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10           39071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11           37178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12          100109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13           77151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14           41856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15           58018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            64695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            53278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            60629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            67136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            72294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            60402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            97316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            47898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8           119221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            45883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10           45389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11           44674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12          113714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13           87268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14           47988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15           67117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 1307589150000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6              1151586                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6             1161800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                 911309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                 11600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                 11973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                 65837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                 66948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                 67027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                 67059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                 67106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                 67159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                 67144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                 67218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                 67276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                 67132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                 67048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                 66912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                 66846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                 66724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                 66676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                 66654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples      1077748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   119.135174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.491660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    98.206223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127       636507     59.06%     59.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255       327300     30.37%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383        79081      7.34%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22076      2.05%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7500      0.70%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2120      0.20%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1120      0.10%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          810      0.08%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1234      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total      1077748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples        66627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.677923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.237663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0              112      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::1              101      0.15%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::2               40      0.06%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::3               14      0.02%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4               20      0.03%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5               67      0.10%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6              160      0.24%      0.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7              327      0.49%      1.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8              684      1.03%      2.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9             1334      2.00%      4.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10            2543      3.82%      8.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11            4330      6.50%     14.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12            7073     10.62%     25.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13           10099     15.16%     40.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14           12313     18.48%     58.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15           12487     18.74%     77.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16           12960     19.45%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17            1704      2.56%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18             219      0.33%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::19              29      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20               9      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total        66627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples        66627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.433308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.387282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.618754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        54904     82.41%     82.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        11387     17.09%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           54      0.08%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           12      0.02%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           26      0.04%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           37      0.06%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           35      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           39      0.06%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           36      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           19      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            7      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total        66627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                 35120144500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat            52207188250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                4556545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    38538.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               57288.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                       44.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                       53.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                    56.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                    56.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                  365830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                 562635                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                40.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               51.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    565227.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   46.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy              4892727840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy              2600546520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy             4236547560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy            3730258980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        117358132320.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy         76102046340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy          4565879520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy   354803230560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy   147006596160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1292163351210                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          2007507088260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           300.660301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        1163019173500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5977729000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39618214250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 249691432500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 316646267750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98974110250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 596681473250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy              4817022420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy              2560296750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy             4392513720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy            3662733060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        119252452800.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy         74317968570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy          4377147360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy   372248003610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy   148035834240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1282443291150                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          2016161422620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           301.956452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        1172349051000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4884890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40185750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 210728101750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 301276532250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  90168313250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 660344417000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     78591104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total          78591104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6     79244800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       79244800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1227986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total            1227986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1238200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total           1238200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     60103930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total             60103930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6     60603855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            60603855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6    120707785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           120707785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                    1227986                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                   1238200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                  1227986                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                 1238200                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM              63074048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ               15517056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten               74486336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys               78591104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            79244800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                242454                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                74355                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            53797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            42009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            47577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            60154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            66644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            55974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            81083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            40264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8           105855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9            43950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10           39565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11           40319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12          117941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13           88129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14           39702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15           62569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            66317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            50520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            56632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            75339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            85626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            67888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           101029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            47751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8           122420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            50811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10           44756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11           45930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12          131788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13           99189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14           43527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15           74326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       13                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 1307585923500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6              1227986                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6             1238200                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                 985532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                 10748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                 11093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                 70095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                 71304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                 71367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                 71430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                 71491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                 71545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                 71525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                 71628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                 71602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                 71472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                 71359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                 71320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                 71299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                 71174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                 71092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                 71079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples      1106705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   124.296957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.776232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   102.672281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127       626638     56.62%     56.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255       348014     31.45%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383        89701      8.11%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511        27002      2.44%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9456      0.85%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2588      0.23%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1197      0.11%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          859      0.08%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1250      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total      1106705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples        71038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.873364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.144422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0               72      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::1              110      0.15%      0.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::2               54      0.08%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::3               25      0.04%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4               24      0.03%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::5               53      0.07%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6              182      0.26%      0.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7              351      0.49%      1.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8              633      0.89%      2.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9             1140      1.60%      3.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10            2090      2.94%      6.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11            3635      5.12%     11.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12            6587      9.27%     21.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13           10309     14.51%     35.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14           13688     19.27%     54.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15           15190     21.38%     76.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16           14885     20.95%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17            1789      2.52%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18             200      0.28%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19              15      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20               4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total        71038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples        71038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.383471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.685154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        60165     84.69%     84.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        10580     14.89%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           37      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           19      0.03%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           30      0.04%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           32      0.05%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           20      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           38      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           17      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           14      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.00%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            6      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           12      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            4      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total        71038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                 35911645250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat            54390370250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                4927660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    36438.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               55188.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                       48.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                       56.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                    60.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                    60.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                  414656                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                 628016                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                42.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               53.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                    530205.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   48.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy              5056076760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy              2687357145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy             4644905580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy            4020036840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        117691267200.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy         77552915790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy          4437810240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy   366788877630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy   143858592480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1285865029875                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          2012648375700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           301.430310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        1161828266250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5561829500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39727328000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 229626487750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 310564610500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 100466948250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 621639676750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy              4876398660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy              2591863560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy             4721246460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy            3886587540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        119234628240.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy         76664373570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy          4466282880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy   369348028290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy   146467954080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1284026418795                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          2016339436365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           301.983113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        1169506617500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4945865000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40137770000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 213448659750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 291084909250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  92993867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 664979322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     74467584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total          74467584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7     75121280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total       75121280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1163556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total            1163556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1173770                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total           1173770                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     56950395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             56950395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7     57450321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            57450321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7    114400716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total           114400716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                    1163556                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                   1173770                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                  1163556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                 1173770                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM              59113792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ               15353792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten               71233472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys               74467584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            75121280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                239903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                60753                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            53996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            46520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            46509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            56399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            57553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            49646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            80375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            35438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8            93236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9            49865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10           42368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11           40172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12           91297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13           84088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14           37959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15           58232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            66295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            56574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            55721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            72771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            78182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            64098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           100028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            39885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8           113481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9            56295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10           48967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11           45898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12          104843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13           97592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14           40973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15           71420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       48                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 1307586715500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6              1163556                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6             1173770                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                 923653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                 12162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                 12478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                 66842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                 67969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                 68016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                 68016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                 68036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                 68121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                 68253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                 68275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                 68307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                 68118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                 68016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                 67912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                 67901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                 67820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                 67738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                 67713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples      1098678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   118.640213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.614720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.462573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127       640866     58.33%     58.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255       346497     31.54%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78165      7.11%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20916      1.90%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6941      0.63%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2120      0.19%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1082      0.10%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          761      0.07%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1330      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total      1098678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.647646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.243300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0               82      0.12%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::1              119      0.18%      0.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::2               39      0.06%      0.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::3               26      0.04%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4               38      0.06%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5               84      0.12%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6              208      0.31%      0.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7              402      0.59%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8              795      1.17%      2.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9             1396      2.06%      4.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10            2396      3.54%      8.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11            4202      6.21%     14.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12            6999     10.34%     24.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13           10442     15.43%     40.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14           13376     19.76%     59.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15           13033     19.26%     79.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16           11878     17.55%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17            1890      2.79%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18             236      0.35%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19              35      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20               3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total        67679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.445618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.396226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.726872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        55409     81.87%     81.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19        11963     17.68%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           52      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           11      0.02%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           35      0.05%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           29      0.04%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           27      0.04%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           21      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           15      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           14      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           10      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.00%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           15      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            4      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            7      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            6      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total        67679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                 35045382999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat            52363876749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                4618265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    37942.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               56692.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                       45.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                       54.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                    56.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                    57.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                  358727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                 579272                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                38.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               52.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    559437.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   46.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy              5013886500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy              2664940080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy             4264150800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy            3758473080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        118350775920.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy         77929440690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy          4441985760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy   365023909680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy   148264735680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1283834322780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          2013597818340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           301.572506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        1157091342250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5571813250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40031812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 220565674250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 324754050750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 104891761750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 611771862250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy              4822705860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy              2563328955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy             4280765580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy            3605339160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        119482328160.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy         74856290250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy          4489660800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy   367482189720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy   149147631360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1284587989125                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          2015374976610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           301.838668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        1171570197250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4968553250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40160322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 212018100250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 295403051750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  90890357250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 664149866250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  101776996                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   42227295                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       607345                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                       149570                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  478418324                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        22648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 22                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean      1108940837                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   908743116.608776                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           11    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        41501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2552067500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             11                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1334250437393                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12198349207                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2615173564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  357150811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    627124218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            395563940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             273623040                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    8778384                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     21864140                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   395563940                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    273623040                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          883127954                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         277824477                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           538510909                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          265188388                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           169399015                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          110051518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    141921282                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   99852844                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  42068438                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24396698.413981                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2590776865.586019                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.990671                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.009329                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         33259804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             11037109      1.76%      1.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                283880131     45.27%     47.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 1569945      0.25%     47.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   175317      0.03%     47.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              188555855     30.07%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                55009538      8.77%     86.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               34857969      5.56%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead           44843283      7.15%     98.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           7210469      1.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 627139616                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7259                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7259                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1343                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1343                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        10584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        32266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   34952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         5372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        21168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4135                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        37673                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    43045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              8920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              8350986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             5066500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             6946402                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2001527                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            24226500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  1                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                   9                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               18295465                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001741                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.101990                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    18290108     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          59      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          30      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |        5268      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 18295465                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    624740536                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.002154                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001494                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.046360                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   623394905     99.78%     99.78% |     1345631      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    624740536                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      624740536                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.157732                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.071621                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        27.346152                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   623990513     99.88%     99.88% |      471300      0.08%     99.96% |       90812      0.01%     99.97% |        5591      0.00%     99.97% |      173691      0.03%    100.00% |        8256      0.00%    100.00% |         366      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        624740536                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    615592913                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   615592913    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    615592913                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9147623                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   148.363174                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.632536                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   172.261973                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     8397600     91.80%     91.80% |      471300      5.15%     96.95% |       90812      0.99%     97.95% |        5591      0.06%     98.01% |      173691      1.90%     99.91% |        8256      0.09%    100.00% |         366      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      9147623                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.040864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.017042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000903                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6012.581526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6012.324156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000941                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.051800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000873                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6012.107008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000964                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.103750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6013.905860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.413631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6014.285077                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000915                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6002.553385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6014.630301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.001986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000939                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6013.035780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.267822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000890                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6013.449636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.221247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits    615592913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9147623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    624740536                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.884141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.240072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.013992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.001164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         70614                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.003498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3000.884141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.003498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  3000.001164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.021257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  3490.349428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.748954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9147842                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     73180984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2    658628856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    658628856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73182736                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.040864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000903                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5512.581526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1001.080302                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.017063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.225921                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::2      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::2      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1180656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::2      9443496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::2     84991464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     84991464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9445248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5512.324156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.213025                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::2      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::2      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::2      8905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::2     80148600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     80148600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      8905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.051800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000873                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5512.107008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.075156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.218425                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      9131352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     82182168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     82182168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9131352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.103750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5513.905860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.110049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.207811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::2      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::2      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::2      8687200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::2     78184800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     78184800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      8687200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.413631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5514.285077                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.207364                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::2      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::2      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::2      8668512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::2     78016608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     78016608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      8668512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5502.553385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5514.630301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.220369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::2      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::2      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::2      9212688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::2     82914192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     82914192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9212688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.001986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000939                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5513.035780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.078359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.234976                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::2      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::2      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::2      9823888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::2     88414992                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     88414992                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9823888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.267822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000890                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5513.449636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.148146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.222658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::2      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::2      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::2      9308448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::2     83776032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     83776032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9308448                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.221247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.001595                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82059                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656472                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.006996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3990.349428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time  1501.080302                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1500.017063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1500.000214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  1500.075156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_stall_time  1500.110049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_buf_msgs     0.000415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.000240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  1500.000138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_stall_time  1500.078359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  1500.148146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.003498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2500.884141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.003498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time  2500.001164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  5000.040864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000903                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  5012.581526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  5000.000347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_stall_time  5012.324156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_stall_time  5000.051800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000873                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  5012.107008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  5000.103750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  5013.905860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_stall_time  5000.413631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_stall_time  5014.285077                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_stall_time  5002.553385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_stall_time  5014.630301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_stall_time  5000.001986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_buf_msgs     0.000939                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_stall_time  5013.035780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_stall_time  5000.267822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_buf_msgs     0.000890                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_stall_time  5013.449636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_stall_time  2500.221247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.003504                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2000.884141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.003498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  2000.001164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  4500.040864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000903                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  4512.581526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  4500.000347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  4512.324156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  4500.051800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000873                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  4512.107008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  4500.103750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4513.905860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4500.413631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_buf_msgs     0.000829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_stall_time  4514.285077                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_stall_time  4502.553385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  4514.630301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  4500.001986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000939                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_stall_time  4513.035780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_stall_time  4500.267822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_buf_msgs     0.000890                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_stall_time  4513.449636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_stall_time  2000.221247                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.194505                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::2      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::2      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82059                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9147842                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::2     73180984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::2    658628856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    658628856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73182736                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        27442869                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           27442869                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     27443910                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     27934839                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        219542952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1975886568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1975961520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    223478712                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 6676993984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.748956                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9147842                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    658628856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73182736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     1.748951                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     73180984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    658628856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.225892                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      9443496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     84991464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.225949                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1180656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     84991464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9445248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.213025                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      8905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     80148600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.213025                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     80148600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      8905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.218425                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      9131352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     82182168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.218425                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     82182168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9131352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.207811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      8687200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     78184800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.207811                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     78184800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      8687200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.207364                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      8668512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     78016608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.207364                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     78016608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      8668512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.220369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      9212688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     82914192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.220369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     82914192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9212688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.234976                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      9823888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     88414992                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.234976                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     88414992                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9823888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.222658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      9308448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     83776032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.222658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     83776032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9308448                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001622                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001569                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82059                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656472                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     1.748956                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9147623                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9147842                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    658628856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73182736                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.link_utilization     0.225892                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Control::2      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Data::2      1180437                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10561                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::2      9443496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Data::2     84991464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.link_utilization     0.213025                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Control::2      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Data::2      1113175                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::2      8905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Data::2     80148600                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.link_utilization     0.218425                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Control::2      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Data::2      1141419                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::2      9131352                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Data::2     82182168                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.link_utilization     0.207811                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Control::2      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Data::2      1085900                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::2      8687200                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Data::2     78184800                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.link_utilization     0.207364                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Control::2      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Data::2      1083564                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::2      8668512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Data::2     78016608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.link_utilization     0.220369                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Control::2      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Data::2      1151586                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::2      9212688                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Data::2     82914192                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.link_utilization     0.234976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Control::2      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Data::2      1227986                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::2      9823888                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Data::2     88414992                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.link_utilization     0.222658                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Control::2      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Data::2      1163556                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::2      9308448                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Data::2     83776032                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.link_utilization     0.001622                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          347                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle17.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       9147623                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000006                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.005079                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     9147606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         9147623                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       9147842                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.003475                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.144124                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     9142502     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          51      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          24      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |        5265      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         9147842                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    102682767                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.044715                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.206106                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     46.815898                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   102335375     99.66%     99.66% |      210645      0.21%     99.87% |       41095      0.04%     99.91% |        2640      0.00%     99.91% |       88377      0.09%    100.00% |        4442      0.00%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     102682767                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     98638256                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    98638256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     98638256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4044511                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   154.464313                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.474901                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   181.715026                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3697119     91.41%     91.41% |      210645      5.21%     96.62% |       41095      1.02%     97.64% |        2640      0.07%     97.70% |       88377      2.19%     99.89% |        4442      0.11%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4044511                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     42056175                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.353235                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.184845                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     43.117149                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41928229     99.70%     99.70% |       80384      0.19%     99.89% |       15827      0.04%     99.92% |         935      0.00%     99.93% |       28943      0.07%    100.00% |        1751      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      42056175                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40557108                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40557108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     40557108                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1499067                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   151.184484                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.565274                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   174.370740                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1371121     91.46%     91.46% |       80384      5.36%     96.83% |       15827      1.06%     97.88% |         935      0.06%     97.95% |       28943      1.93%     99.88% |        1751      0.12%     99.99% |         104      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1499067                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    478395676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.035340                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.035342                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.219106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   478124654     99.94%     99.94% |      178156      0.04%     99.98% |       33487      0.01%     99.99% |        1987      0.00%     99.99% |       55294      0.01%    100.00% |        2024      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    478395676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    474839809                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   474839809    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    474839809                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3555867                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.291505                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.990633                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   159.372974                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     3284845     92.38%     92.38% |      178156      5.01%     97.39% |       33487      0.94%     98.33% |        1987      0.06%     98.39% |       55294      1.56%     99.94% |        2024      0.06%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3555867                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1581890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.302938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.149654                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.034698                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1578273     99.77%     99.77% |        2085      0.13%     99.90% |         395      0.02%     99.93% |          29      0.00%     99.93% |        1069      0.07%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1581890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1534231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1534231    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1534231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        47659                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.822426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.409631                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   182.800713                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       44042     92.41%     92.41% |        2085      4.37%     96.79% |         395      0.83%     97.61% |          29      0.06%     97.68% |        1069      2.24%     99.92% |          39      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        47659                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.425670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.241331                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.847663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11572     96.32%     96.32% |         396      3.30%     99.62% |          29      0.24%     99.86% |           1      0.01%     99.87% |           7      0.06%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           8      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        12014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          519                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   172.892100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   149.055460                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   150.241723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          77     14.84%     14.84% |         396     76.30%     91.14% |          29      5.59%     96.72% |           1      0.19%     96.92% |           7      1.35%     98.27% |           1      0.19%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           8      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          519                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12014    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        12014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12014    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        12014                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9147623                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   148.363174                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.632536                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   172.261973                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     8397600     91.80%     91.80% |      471300      5.15%     96.95% |       90812      0.99%     97.95% |        5591      0.06%     98.01% |      173691      1.90%     99.91% |        8256      0.09%    100.00% |         366      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4044511                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   154.464313                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.474901                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   181.715026                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3697119     91.41%     91.41% |      210645      5.21%     96.62% |       41095      1.02%     97.64% |        2640      0.07%     97.70% |       88377      2.19%     99.89% |        4442      0.11%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4044511                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1499067                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   151.184484                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.565274                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   174.370740                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1371121     91.46%     91.46% |       80384      5.36%     96.83% |       15827      1.06%     97.88% |         935      0.06%     97.95% |       28943      1.93%     99.88% |        1751      0.12%     99.99% |         104      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1499067                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3555867                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.291505                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.990633                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   159.372974                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3284845     92.38%     92.38% |      178156      5.01%     97.39% |       33487      0.94%     98.33% |        1987      0.06%     98.39% |       55294      1.56%     99.94% |        2024      0.06%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3555867                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        47659                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.822426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.409631                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   182.800713                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       44042     92.41%     92.41% |        2085      4.37%     96.79% |         395      0.83%     97.61% |          29      0.06%     97.68% |        1069      2.24%     99.92% |          39      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        47659                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          519                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   172.892100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   149.055460                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   150.241723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          77     14.84%     14.84% |         396     76.30%     91.14% |          29      5.59%     96.72% |           1      0.19%     96.92% |           7      1.35%     98.27% |           1      0.19%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           8      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          519                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1180437     12.90%     12.90% |     1113175     12.17%     25.07% |     1141419     12.48%     37.55% |     1085900     11.87%     49.42% |     1083564     11.85%     61.27% |     1151586     12.59%     73.86% |     1227986     13.42%     87.28% |     1163556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1180437     12.90%     12.90% |     1113175     12.17%     25.07% |     1141419     12.48%     37.55% |     1085900     11.87%     49.42% |     1083564     11.85%     61.27% |     1151586     12.59%     73.86% |     1227986     13.42%     87.28% |     1163556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1180565     12.91%     12.91% |     1113175     12.17%     25.07% |     1141419     12.48%     37.55% |     1085900     11.87%     49.42% |     1083564     11.85%     61.27% |     1151586     12.59%     73.86% |     1227986     13.42%     87.28% |     1163556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      9147751                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1190651     12.90%     12.90% |     1123389     12.17%     25.07% |     1151633     12.48%     37.55% |     1096114     11.88%     49.43% |     1093778     11.85%     61.28% |     1161800     12.59%     73.87% |     1238200     13.42%     87.28% |     1173770     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      9229335                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     1180437     12.90%     12.90% |     1113175     12.17%     25.07% |     1141419     12.48%     37.55% |     1085900     11.87%     49.42% |     1083564     11.85%     61.27% |     1151586     12.59%     73.86% |     1227986     13.42%     87.28% |     1163556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1180218     12.90%     12.90% |     1113175     12.17%     25.07% |     1141419     12.48%     37.55% |     1085900     11.87%     49.42% |     1083564     11.85%     61.27% |     1151586     12.59%     73.86% |     1227986     13.42%     87.28% |     1163556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      9147404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1180437     12.90%     12.90% |     1113175     12.17%     25.07% |     1141419     12.48%     37.55% |     1085900     11.87%     49.42% |     1083564     11.85%     61.27% |     1151586     12.59%     73.86% |     1227986     13.42%     87.28% |     1163556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1180218     12.90%     12.90% |     1113175     12.17%     25.07% |     1141419     12.48%     37.55% |     1085900     11.87%     49.42% |     1083564     11.85%     61.27% |     1151586     12.59%     73.86% |     1227986     13.42%     87.28% |     1163556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      9147404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          347                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   102682767    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    102682767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   478395676    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    478395676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    43662093    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     43662093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     9147623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         438    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     9147404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      9147404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     9147623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     4044511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      4044511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     3555867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3555867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |     1547245    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1547245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    98638256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     98638256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   474839809    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    474839809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    42114848    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     42114848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     9147404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      9147404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     9147623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      9147623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     7600378    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      7600378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |     1547245    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      1547245                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
