
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.331624                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                331624199000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5560020363000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 827298                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1540745                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              914506724                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5006660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   362.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     558714590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1975360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1975360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2130688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2130688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        30865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              30865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        33292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             33292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5956622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5956622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6425008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6425008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12381630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            12381630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      30865                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     33292                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    30865                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   33292                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1955328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  20032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2125568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1975360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2130688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   313                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   89                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       21                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 332541467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                30865                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               33292                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  30552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  2000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        16771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.330511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.436356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.598264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4262     25.41%     25.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5488     32.72%     58.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3548     21.16%     79.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1989     11.86%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          609      3.63%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          245      1.46%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          130      0.78%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          108      0.64%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          392      2.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        16771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.434409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.997925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            176      9.46%      9.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             18      0.97%     10.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            21      1.13%     11.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           16      0.86%     12.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1324     71.18%     83.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          182      9.78%     93.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           54      2.90%     96.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           34      1.83%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.81%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.48%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.05%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.11%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.855914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.193092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     6.799257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1658     89.14%     89.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           28      1.51%     90.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      0.38%     91.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.32%     91.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           16      0.86%     92.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           13      0.70%     92.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           26      1.40%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.48%     94.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           24      1.29%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.54%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      0.59%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.27%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.38%     97.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.27%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.11%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.75%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.11%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.16%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.05%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.11%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.05%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.11%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.11%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2434848000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3007698000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 152760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    79695.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               98445.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   21481                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  25512                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               76.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5183245.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                99831480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                53061690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              228886980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             106221780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        9733439040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2959283820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           603438720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    23538881880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13706367360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313642817060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1364675605380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           245.444354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        322685169250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    690202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2136466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 284218177500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18620060250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1646225250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  25221609500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                94940580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                50462115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              230107920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             108857880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        9046271520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2817040320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           510535680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    22905256200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    12271717440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1314775635285                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1362813904410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           245.109517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        330745499250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    552300250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2076854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 287383356500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17620162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1614873500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  25743544250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1958784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1958784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        30606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              30606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        33354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             33354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5906638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5906638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6436973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6436973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12343611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            12343611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      30606                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     33354                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    30606                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   33354                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1945792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  12992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2135168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1958784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2134656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             1950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       93                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 334989821000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                30606                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               33354                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  30403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  2005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  2084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        16222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.569474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.786501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   208.238382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3935     24.26%     24.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5304     32.70%     56.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2836     17.48%     74.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2610     16.09%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          619      3.82%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          241      1.49%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          147      0.91%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          113      0.70%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          417      2.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        16222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.486721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.605186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            149      8.08%      8.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             19      1.03%      9.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            21      1.14%     10.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.92%     11.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1330     72.09%     83.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          195     10.57%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           55      2.98%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           30      1.63%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           11      0.60%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.43%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.05%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.27%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.082385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.240923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.223936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1663     90.14%     90.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           21      1.14%     91.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.11%     91.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.22%     91.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           10      0.54%     92.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            3      0.16%     92.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      1.68%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      0.22%     94.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           22      1.19%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           12      0.65%     96.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      0.60%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.38%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.22%     97.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.16%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.33%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.16%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.70%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.11%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.11%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.05%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.11%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.11%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.11%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.11%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.11%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.22%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2359223746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2929279996                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 152015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    77598.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               96348.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   21519                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  26024                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                70.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               78.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   5237489.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                98153580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                52169865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              229822320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             106869060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        9589613280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2908807470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           606678240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    23420005530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13333323840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313925932355                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1364273933100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           245.372111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        330800522250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    696099250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2123546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 287196027000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18367903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1586144750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  25239095750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                90856500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                48291375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              227951640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             108523800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        8885850480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2853566490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           510350400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    22360493520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11980750080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315212919500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1362282394455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           245.013922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        330631675750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    570087750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2056804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288060278500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17484938500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1721337250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  25087399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1954560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1954560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2118720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2118720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        30540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              30540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        33105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             33105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5893900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5893900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6388919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             6388919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12282819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12282819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      30540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     33105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    30540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   33105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1941120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  13440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2119296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                1954560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2118720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   210                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            1983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       74                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 333622142000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                30540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               33105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  30330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  2062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        16221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.318476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.069335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   210.042017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4329     26.69%     26.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4946     30.49%     57.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2597     16.01%     73.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2846     17.55%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          599      3.69%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          249      1.54%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          135      0.83%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          121      0.75%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          399      2.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        16221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.572365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.985002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            152      8.30%      8.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             19      1.04%      9.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            18      0.98%     10.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           20      1.09%     11.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1297     70.84%     82.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          199     10.87%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           63      3.44%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           31      1.69%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      0.71%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.33%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      0.27%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.085199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.275735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.772823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1645     89.84%     89.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           18      0.98%     90.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.16%     90.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.16%     91.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           11      0.60%     91.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.49%     92.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           26      1.42%     93.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.49%     94.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           20      1.09%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.55%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.66%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.27%     96.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            8      0.44%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.22%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.27%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.16%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.71%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            5      0.27%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.05%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.11%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.16%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            3      0.16%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.22%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.11%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2374720498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2943407998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 151650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    78296.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               97046.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        6.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     6.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   21622                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  25601                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               77.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5241922.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                97532400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                51839700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              227944500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             105798960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        9442099680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2883994800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           613753440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    23038616820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13086833280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314262761420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1363813744410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           245.289343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        329178623250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    707914500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2082940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 286416383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17813361500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1637083750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24955396750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                89571300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                47608275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              226716420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             107605080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        8871099120.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2874117270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           520066560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    22146451110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11950807680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315349342175                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1362185971770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.996580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        330525891500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    583092250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2049620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288435959000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17466771750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1819461000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24623477500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1954304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1954304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2134976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2134976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        30536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              30536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        33359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             33359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5893128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5893128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6437938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             6437938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12331066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            12331066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      30536                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     33359                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    30536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   33359                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1940800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  13504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2135296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                1954304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2134976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             1945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            1996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       52                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 331619286500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                30536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               33359                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  30325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  2073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        16137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.593171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.603356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   213.487002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4781     29.63%     29.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4281     26.53%     56.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2614     16.20%     72.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2672     16.56%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          913      5.66%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          232      1.44%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          132      0.82%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          123      0.76%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          389      2.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        16137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.360841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.864410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            160      8.63%      8.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             19      1.02%      9.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      1.19%     10.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           12      0.65%     11.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1344     72.49%     83.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          180      9.71%     93.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           57      3.07%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           29      1.56%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           14      0.76%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      0.27%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      0.27%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.22%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.995685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.217472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.814704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1670     90.08%     90.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           16      0.86%     90.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      0.22%     91.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.22%     91.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           16      0.86%     92.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            5      0.27%     92.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           26      1.40%     93.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.49%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           27      1.46%     95.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.43%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           15      0.81%     97.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.16%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.32%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.16%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.16%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           15      0.81%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.05%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.11%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.11%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.11%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.16%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2382596750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2951190500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 151625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    78568.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               97318.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        6.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     6.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   21745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  25807                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                71.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               77.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5190066.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                96475680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                51278040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              229065480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             106749000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        9373874640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2831488110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           615552000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    22589021910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13039957920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314581676735                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1363517575395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           245.236076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        327256783250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    701248500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2079334000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 284885670750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18036167250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1586856000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24336246500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                88992960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                47297085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              227259060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             108283680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        8796727680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2881930830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           509261760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    21727071330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11867611200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315641102300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1361899066395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.944978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        330844647500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    561821250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   2030608000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 289565676750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17516376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1855984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  23769355250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1952832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1952832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2122048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        2122048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        30513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              30513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        33157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             33157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5888690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              5888690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      6398954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             6398954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     12287644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            12287644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      30513                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     33157                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    30513                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   33157                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1940032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  12800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                2122240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1952832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             2122048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            1924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             2330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             2244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            2175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            2124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            2078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       56                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 335210466000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                30513                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               33157                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  30313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  1875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  1918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  1980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  1921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  1993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  2004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  2079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  1944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  1901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  1894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        15255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.286988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.067357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.323462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4302     28.20%     28.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3819     25.03%     53.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2572     16.86%     70.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2306     15.12%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1344      8.81%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          241      1.58%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          155      1.02%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          116      0.76%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          400      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        15255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.524251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.989308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            158      8.61%      8.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             13      0.71%      9.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            19      1.04%     10.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      0.82%     11.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1311     71.44%     82.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          202     11.01%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           53      2.89%     96.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           25      1.36%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           20      1.09%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.49%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.05%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.11%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.070845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.243509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.166706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1650     89.92%     89.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           18      0.98%     90.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            1      0.05%     90.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.49%     91.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           14      0.76%     92.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            7      0.38%     92.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           33      1.80%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      0.38%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           16      0.87%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.60%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           13      0.71%     96.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.27%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.16%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.22%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.27%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.71%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.16%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.11%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.22%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.11%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.16%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            2      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  2373972000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             2942340750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 151565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    78315.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               97065.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        5.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        6.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     5.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     6.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   22468                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  25749                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               77.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   5264810.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                93462600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                49676550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              228265800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             105840720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        9169814160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2840470170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           580619520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21515650920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12956792640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315219935225                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1362762402405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           245.100254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        330955821750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    634512500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1976260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 291419919750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17750648500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1633482000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21792125250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                86015580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                45714570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              226844940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             107819100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        8525056800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2842262250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           501834720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20567274660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11718114240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316339168640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1360961716290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           244.776391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        330987798000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    544461250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1906276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 292888955500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16954369250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1847506250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21151132250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1952384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1952384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2128448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        2128448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        30506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              30506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        33257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             33257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5887339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              5887339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      6418253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             6418253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     12305592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            12305592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      30506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     33257                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    30506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   33257                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1941376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  11008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                2129024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1952384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             2128448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             2119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             1960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             2320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            2240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            2173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            1995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            2119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            2045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            1991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       79                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 332637493500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                30506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               33257                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  30334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  1937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  1986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  1966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  1939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  2074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  1944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  1906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  1913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  1902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        14767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   275.641633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.582437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.718222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3853     26.09%     26.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3674     24.88%     50.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2620     17.74%     68.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2038     13.80%     82.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1703     11.53%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          221      1.50%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      0.93%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      0.75%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          409      2.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        14767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.501359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.726175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            155      8.43%      8.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             17      0.92%      9.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            10      0.54%      9.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.92%     10.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1337     72.70%     83.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          188     10.22%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           53      2.88%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           32      1.74%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           11      0.60%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.49%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.16%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.089179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.245466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.297363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1651     89.78%     89.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           20      1.09%     90.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      0.27%     91.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.33%     91.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.92%     92.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.49%     92.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      1.69%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      0.27%     94.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           16      0.87%     95.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.44%     96.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           14      0.76%     96.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.11%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.33%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.11%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.11%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.05%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           18      0.98%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.05%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            5      0.27%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.11%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.16%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.22%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.11%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.11%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  2391807499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             2960569999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 151670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    78849.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               97599.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        5.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        6.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     5.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     6.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     26.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   23111                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  25722                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                76.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               77.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   5216779.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   76.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                93034200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                49448850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              228879840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             106232220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        9111423360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2898378750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           589539360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    20887393500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13072011360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315456860660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1362494733900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           245.052112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        328264754500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    667633750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1926694000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 290749179000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17937155250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1766910000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19580411000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                84294840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                44803770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              226952040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             107860860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        8482032000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2774721240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           520495680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19604036790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    12029339040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316740786380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1360616916570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           244.714376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        331115904750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    606519500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1896268000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 294382837500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17813807500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1702970750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18925268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1955456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           1955456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2109824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        2109824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        30554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              30554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        32966                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             32966                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5896602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              5896602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      6362093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             6362093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     12258695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            12258695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      30554                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     32966                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    30554                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   32966                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1946304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                   9152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                2110528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                1955456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             2109824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             2097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             1834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             2317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            2167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            2112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            2045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       66                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 331618968000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                30554                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               32966                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  30411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  1875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  1927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  1952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  1929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  1996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  1944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  1991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  2050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  1921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  1878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  1894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  1871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        14339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   282.927401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.049432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.774174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3596     25.08%     25.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3586     25.01%     50.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2486     17.34%     67.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1808     12.61%     80.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1977     13.79%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          221      1.54%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          136      0.95%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          128      0.89%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          401      2.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        14339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.698134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.173307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            155      8.51%      8.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             11      0.60%      9.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      0.82%      9.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           16      0.88%     10.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1324     72.67%     83.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          173      9.50%     92.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           64      3.51%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           22      1.21%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           18      0.99%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.49%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.11%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.16%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.11%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.11%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.099341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.241029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.444249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1635     89.74%     89.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      1.26%     91.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.33%     91.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.27%     91.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.93%     92.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            5      0.27%     92.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      1.70%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      0.27%     94.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           19      1.04%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.60%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.55%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.22%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.22%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.22%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           16      0.88%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.05%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.16%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.16%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.11%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            4      0.22%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.11%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  2405950000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             2976156250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 152055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    79114.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               97864.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        5.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        6.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     5.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     6.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   23595                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  25455                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                77.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               77.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   5220701.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   77.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                91113540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                48427995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              227923080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             105256080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        9024144480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2804549910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           590158080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    20026369740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13232662560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315902393945                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1362055248720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.973068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        327444936000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    665530750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1906986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 290760217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18247475000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1601480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18443225250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                81460260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                43297155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              226223760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             107072640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        8271825120.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2678928750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           506088480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18707930670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11862060000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317375229290                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1359861424695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           244.578497                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        330901071750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    588489250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1827072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296086539500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17492355250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1666590500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17327560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1954048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           1954048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2116416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        2116416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        30532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              30532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        33069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             33069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5892356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              5892356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      6381971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             6381971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     12274327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            12274327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      30532                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     33069                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    30532                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   33069                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1943680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  10368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                2116864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                1954048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             2116416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   162                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            1939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            1932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             2072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             1964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             1982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             2059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             2305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             2230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            2044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       87                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 331618588000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                30532                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               33069                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  30370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  1873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  1928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  1910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  1985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  1957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  2001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  2065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  1940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        14166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   286.644642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.132662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.847351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3461     24.43%     24.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3537     24.97%     49.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2423     17.10%     66.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1793     12.66%     79.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2062     14.56%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          220      1.55%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          142      1.00%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          118      0.83%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          410      2.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        14166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.658443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.846335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            150      8.22%      8.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             12      0.66%      8.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            18      0.99%      9.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.99%     10.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1317     72.20%     83.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          182      9.98%     93.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           64      3.51%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           23      1.26%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           21      1.15%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      0.27%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            6      0.33%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.133772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.273722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.359758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1643     90.08%     90.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           13      0.71%     90.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.11%     90.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.27%     91.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           11      0.60%     91.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           10      0.55%     92.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           29      1.59%     93.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      0.38%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           19      1.04%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.60%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      0.60%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           11      0.60%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.33%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.11%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.33%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.71%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.05%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.11%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.05%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.11%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.05%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.11%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.16%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.11%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.05%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.11%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            2      0.11%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  2403769000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             2973206500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 151850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    79149.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               97899.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        5.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        6.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     5.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     6.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   23660                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  25621                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                77.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               77.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   5214046.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   77.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                90156780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                47919465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              228594240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             105746760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        8895070080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2743550220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           587967840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19669540050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13043635200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316224345245                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1361637836910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.897995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        327487601250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    711654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1872848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 291669559000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18108133750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1549343000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17712748250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                81253200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                43187100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              226666440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             107401500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        8232488160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2700349920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           508241280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18464888370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11835226080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317511280190                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1359712553190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           244.551722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        330903548750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    595348000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1809108000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 296585837000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17444379500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1673516250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16878091750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   40469626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   24730280                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        29468                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        23697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  204482436                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 48                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    649653689.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1090393346.822722                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           24    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       696001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3209817500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   320602026448                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  15591688551                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       663248398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157610235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    286043339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            282018321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                611682                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4926823                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     25275208                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   282018321                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       611682                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          571575017                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         225542730                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              714316                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             510520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           206558655                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           97921447                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     65143118                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40430831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  24712287                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              31183377.101906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              632065020.898094                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.952984                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.047016                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         32149951                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1526659      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                218820051     76.50%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  194398      0.07%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    62631      0.02%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 306318      0.11%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                40277677     14.08%     91.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               24662148      8.62%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             153106      0.05%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             50139      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 286053127                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                6107                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               6107                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               779                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              779                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        22246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   23804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        13804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        24602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    27718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              6922000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              5428989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             3245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3658149                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1168291                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            16570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3346432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          895                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7945384                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.642619                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.174408                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7307136     91.97%     91.97% |          26      0.00%     91.97% |           3      0.00%     91.97% |          11      0.00%     91.97% |      638193      8.03%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7945384                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    269876673                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000066                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000045                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008099                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   269858971     99.99%     99.99% |       17702      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    269876673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      269876673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.335517                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.019614                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        13.254073                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   269835796     99.98%     99.98% |        5447      0.00%     99.99% |        7679      0.00%     99.99% |        3044      0.00%     99.99% |       23070      0.01%    100.00% |         891      0.00%    100.00% |         655      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        269876673                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    268270016                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   268270016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    268270016                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1606657                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.358170                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    26.120134                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   162.329162                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1565780     97.46%     97.46% |        5447      0.34%     97.79% |        7679      0.48%     98.27% |        3044      0.19%     98.46% |       23070      1.44%     99.90% |         891      0.06%     99.95% |         655      0.04%     99.99% |          91      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1606657                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5686.488642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.033573                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5766.694490                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.013178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5630.379128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5783.921475                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5725.815172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.092762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5702.548143                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5676.233648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5655.936203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.054289                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000475                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     64276316                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1133178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     65409494                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    203993700                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       473479                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    204467179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.407293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.014452                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           71                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1499398                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams      1498175                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested      1498175                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3739.416773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4855.810239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       180591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        48700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       229291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   913.715292                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.039265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4924.983088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       155584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       199189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000885                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   903.946513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.024180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000572                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4918.084081                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       152615                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43448                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       196063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000870                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   907.515614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4966.079578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       153100                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       196308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000873                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   908.341208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4962.567345                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       148395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        42703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       191098                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   908.646383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4921.376235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       159588                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       202858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000902                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   914.654223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000575                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4895.265797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       154241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        42663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       196904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000877                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   910.699536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4883.219447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       150712                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        44234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       194946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000861                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   912.773261                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.004683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3239.416773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.008532                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2370.325609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.958390                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1606657                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2       114055                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1606657                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1505821                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1133063                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       638210                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       860995                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     12853256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       912440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    115679304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12046568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9064504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     45951120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6887960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4355.810239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.039265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3139.646517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000681                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1413.717079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.151254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       260076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18946                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       269131                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       244276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       166244                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        86028                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       125167                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2080608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       151568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19377432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1954208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1329952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6194016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1001336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4424.983088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.024180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3225.822956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000606                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1403.950023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.136339                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       229795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13859                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       243828                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       218970                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79086                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107102                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1838360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17555616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1751760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1128808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5694192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       856816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000572                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4418.084084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3105.964796                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000596                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1407.515654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.135024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       226603                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       215590                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79693                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103461                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1812824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       109848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17313480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1724720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1131024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5737896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       827688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4466.079581                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3257.788051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000598                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1408.341207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.134928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       226844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13442                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       241196                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       216080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137948                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104769                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1814752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17366112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1728640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1103584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5678208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       838152                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4462.567348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3191.235737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000583                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1408.649811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.132114                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       221611                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12990                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       236243                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       211267                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       134954                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101522                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1772888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       103920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17009496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1690136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1079632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5571648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       812176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4421.376238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3173.426176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000617                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1414.654232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.138210                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       233364                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13585                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       247522                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       222520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137213                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       109812                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1866912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17821584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1780160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1097704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5780160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       878496                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000575                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4395.265800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3137.592923                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000601                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1410.701331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.134771                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       227458                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12948                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       241982                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       217059                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       133576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77723                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107071                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1819664                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       103584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17422704                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1736472                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1068608                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5596056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       856568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4383.219450                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3124.935045                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000590                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1412.774171                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.134017                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       225478                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14554                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       238516                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       213672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140649                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       102091                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1803824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       116432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17173152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1709376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1125192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5698944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       816728                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5186.488645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.033656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.022559                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        30785                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58015                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32230                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6796                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       246280                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4177080                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       257840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54368                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5266.694493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.013232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.022403                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        30606                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57638                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31922                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4149936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       255376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5130.379128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.022277                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        30540                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57310                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31613                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       244320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4126320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252904                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5283.921475                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010807                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.022364                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        30536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31677                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       244288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4144320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253416                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5225.815175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.092762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.022283                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        30513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57335                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31561                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       244104                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4128120                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252488                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5202.548146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010854                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.022316                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57428                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31607                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4134816                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5176.233648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.022229                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        30554                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57187                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31426                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       244432                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4117464                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       251408                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5155.936203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.054289                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.022263                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        30532                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57272                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31577                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       244256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4123584                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252616                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.004040                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52548                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420384                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.004683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2870.325606                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3639.646514                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000681                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1913.717079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3725.822953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000606                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1903.950024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3605.964796                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000596                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1907.515654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3757.788051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000598                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1908.341206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3691.235734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000583                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1908.649811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3673.426176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000617                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1914.654232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3637.592921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000601                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1910.701331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3624.935045                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000590                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1912.774170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.033656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.013232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.010899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.010807                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.010837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.010854                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.010838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.010865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.004521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2917.221303                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3855.810239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.039265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3924.983088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.024180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000572                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3918.084087                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3966.079584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.020357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3962.567351                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.020680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3921.376241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.020934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000575                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3895.265803                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.021162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3883.219453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.021335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4686.488648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.000009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4766.694496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4630.379128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4783.921475                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4725.815178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.092762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4702.548149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4676.233648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4655.936203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.054289                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.004521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2417.221303                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3355.810239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.039265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3424.983088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.024180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000572                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3418.084090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3466.079587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.020357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3462.567354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.020680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3421.376244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.020934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3395.265806                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.021162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3383.219456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.021335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4186.488651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.000009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4266.694499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4130.379128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4283.921475                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4225.815181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.092762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4202.548152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  4176.233648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4155.936203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.054289                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.084669                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1851229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2       114055                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1959143                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1759434                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1133063                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       638210                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       913543                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     14809832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       912440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    141058296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14075472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9064504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     45951120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7308344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5553687                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       342165                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5984688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      8677491                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1915170                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2897493                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         44429496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2737320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    430897536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     69419928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    137892240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     23179944                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5560020363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.211701                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       114055                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1606657                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1499205                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       912440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    115679304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11993640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.705078                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1606657                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1133063                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       638210                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       860995                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12853256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        52928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9064504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     45951120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6887960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.120942                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       229291                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       166244                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        86028                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       125167                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1834328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2216520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       245184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1329952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6194016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1001336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.181566                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18946                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       238346                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       213628                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       246280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       151568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17160912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1709024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.110446                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       199189                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30606                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30444                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79086                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107102                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1593512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2203632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       243552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1128808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5694192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       856816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.162231                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30606                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13859                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       213222                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       188526                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15351984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1508208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.110299                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       196063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30115                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79693                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103461                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1568504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1131024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5737896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       827688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.159749                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       209925                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       185475                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       109848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15114600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1483800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.109600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       196308                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30221                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137948                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104769                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1570464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1103584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5678208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       838152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160255                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13442                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       210660                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       185859                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15167520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1486872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.107708                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       191098                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30513                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30092                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       134954                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101522                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1528784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196936                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1079632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5571648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       812176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156521                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30513                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12990                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       205730                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       181175                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244104                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       103920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14812560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1449400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.111357                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       202858                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30186                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137213                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       109812                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1622864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1097704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5780160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       878496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.165064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13585                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       217016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       192334                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15625152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1538672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.108708                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       196904                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30554                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29970                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       133576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77723                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107071                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1575232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2199888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239760                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1068608                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5596056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       856568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160833                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30554                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12948                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       211428                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       187089                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244432                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       103584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15222816                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1496712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.109684                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       194946                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30532                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30114                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140649                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       102091                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1559568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1125192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5698944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       816728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.158349                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30532                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14554                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       207984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       183558                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       116432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14974848                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1468464                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021315                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30785                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26970                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2433                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6796                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       246280                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1941840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19464                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54368                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023802                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31045                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29797                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2235240                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       238376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021317                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30606                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27032                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2338                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1946304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18704                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30606                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29584                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2203632                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       236672                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021133                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30540                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26770                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1927440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18568                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023422                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30540                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29292                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198880                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021298                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27024                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2226                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1945728                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17808                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023431                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29451                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198592                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       235608                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021162                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26822                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2269                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244104                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1931184                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18152                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023403                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021227                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26922                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2242                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1938384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17936                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023404                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29365                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196432                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234920                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021039                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30554                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26633                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2295                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244432                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1917576                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18360                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023419                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30554                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29131                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2199888                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233048                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021111                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30532                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26740                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2315                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1925280                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18520                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023414                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30532                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29262                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198304                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234096                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004118                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003961                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52548                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420384                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.138928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       114055                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1499398                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1499205                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       912440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107956656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11993640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.120942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       229291                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       166244                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        86028                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       125167                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1834328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2216520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       245184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1329952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6194016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1001336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.110446                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       199189                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30444                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141101                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79086                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107102                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1593512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2203632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       243552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1128808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5694192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       856816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.110299                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       196063                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30540                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30115                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141378                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79693                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103461                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1568504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1131024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5737896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       827688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.109600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       196308                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30221                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137948                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       104769                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1570464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1103584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5678208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       838152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.107708                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       191098                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30513                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30092                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       134954                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101522                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1528784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1079632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5571648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       812176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.111357                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       202858                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30186                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137213                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       109812                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1622864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2196432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1097704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5780160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       878496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.108708                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       196904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30554                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29970                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       133576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77723                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107071                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1575232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2199888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1068608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5596056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       856568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.109684                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       194946                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30532                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30114                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       140649                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       102091                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1559568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2198304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1125192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5698944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       816728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.021315                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        30785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26970                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2433                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6796                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       246280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1941840                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.021317                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        30606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2338                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       244848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1946304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.021133                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        30540                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26770                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2321                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       244320                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1927440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.021298                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        30536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2226                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       244288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1945728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.021162                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        30513                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26822                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2269                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       244104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1931184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.021227                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        30506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26922                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2242                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       244048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1938384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.021039                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        30554                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26633                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2295                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       244432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1917576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.021111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        30532                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2315                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       244256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1925280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.004118                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4238925                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.204475                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.860986                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3600717     84.94%     84.94% |           8      0.00%     84.94% |           0      0.00%     84.94% |           0      0.00%     84.94% |      638185     15.06%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4238925                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3592404                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000050                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.016916                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3592364    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3592404                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        114055                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      114055    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          114055                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39458514                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.389367                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.039204                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.805116                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    39454303     99.99%     99.99% |         912      0.00%     99.99% |         798      0.00%     99.99% |         132      0.00%     99.99% |        2248      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      39458514                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     38964028                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    38964028    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     38964028                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       494486                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    32.070295                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.511411                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.449965                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      490275     99.15%     99.15% |         912      0.18%     99.33% |         798      0.16%     99.49% |         132      0.03%     99.52% |        2248      0.45%     99.98% |         101      0.02%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       494486                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     24698786                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.619411                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.093215                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     40.507570                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    24663529     99.86%     99.86% |        4468      0.02%     99.88% |        6846      0.03%     99.90% |        2908      0.01%     99.91% |       19595      0.08%     99.99% |         721      0.00%    100.00% |         628      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      24698786                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24117898                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    24117898    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     24117898                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       580888                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.374774                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    44.229980                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   240.115348                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      545631     93.93%     93.93% |        4468      0.77%     94.70% |        6846      1.18%     95.88% |        2908      0.50%     96.38% |       19595      3.37%     99.75% |         721      0.12%     99.88% |         628      0.11%     99.98% |          91      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       580888                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    204467179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.045710                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.160217                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   204465817    100.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |        1184      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    204467179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    203993700                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   203993700    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    203993700                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       473479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.739285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.339960                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.642191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      472117     99.71%     99.71% |          67      0.01%     99.73% |          34      0.01%     99.73% |           3      0.00%     99.73% |        1184      0.25%     99.98% |          67      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       473479                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1247056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.900061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.145610                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.320834                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1247009    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1247056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1190287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1190287    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1190287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        56769                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.771830                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.809562                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.879445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       56722     99.92%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.92% |          43      0.08%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        56769                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.624757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     3.337496                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.292207                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        1534     59.71%     59.71% |           0      0.00%     59.71% |           0      0.00%     59.71% |           0      0.00%     59.71% |          38      1.48%     61.19% |         997     38.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1534    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1035                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.925604                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.915724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.600831                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          38      3.67%      3.67% |         997     96.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1035                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2569    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2569    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       30785     12.59%     12.59% |       30606     12.51%     25.10% |       30540     12.49%     37.59% |       30536     12.49%     50.07% |       30513     12.48%     62.55% |       30506     12.47%     75.02% |       30554     12.49%     87.52% |       30532     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       244572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       26970     12.55%     12.55% |       27032     12.58%     25.13% |       26770     12.46%     37.58% |       27024     12.57%     50.16% |       26822     12.48%     62.64% |       26922     12.53%     75.17% |       26633     12.39%     87.56% |       26740     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       214913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       30865     12.62%     12.62% |       30606     12.51%     25.13% |       30540     12.48%     37.61% |       30536     12.48%     50.09% |       30513     12.47%     62.56% |       30506     12.47%     75.03% |       30554     12.49%     87.52% |       30532     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       244652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       33292     12.54%     12.54% |       33354     12.56%     25.10% |       33105     12.47%     37.56% |       33359     12.56%     50.12% |       33157     12.49%     62.61% |       33257     12.52%     75.13% |       32966     12.41%     87.55% |       33069     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       265559                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6536     12.50%     12.50% |        6536     12.50%     25.00% |        6536     12.50%     37.50% |        6536     12.50%     50.00% |        6536     12.50%     62.50% |        6536     12.50%     75.00% |        6536     12.50%     87.50% |        6536     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        52288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        2433     13.19%     13.19% |        2338     12.68%     25.87% |        2321     12.59%     38.46% |        2226     12.07%     50.53% |        2269     12.31%     62.84% |        2242     12.16%     75.00% |        2295     12.45%     87.45% |        2315     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        18439                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       30785     12.59%     12.59% |       30606     12.51%     25.10% |       30540     12.49%     37.59% |       30536     12.49%     50.07% |       30513     12.48%     62.55% |       30506     12.47%     75.02% |       30554     12.49%     87.52% |       30532     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       244572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        6322     12.48%     12.48% |        6322     12.48%     24.97% |        6335     12.51%     37.47% |        6335     12.51%     49.98% |        6335     12.51%     62.49% |        6335     12.51%     75.00% |        6333     12.50%     87.50% |        6329     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        50646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        6322     12.48%     12.48% |        6322     12.48%     24.97% |        6335     12.51%     37.47% |        6335     12.51%     49.98% |        6335     12.51%     62.49% |        6335     12.51%     75.00% |        6333     12.50%     87.50% |        6329     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        50646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       26576     12.47%     12.47% |       26818     12.59%     25.06% |       26569     12.47%     37.53% |       26823     12.59%     50.11% |       26621     12.49%     62.61% |       26721     12.54%     75.15% |       26430     12.40%     87.55% |       26533     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       213091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         214     13.03%     13.03% |         214     13.03%     26.07% |         201     12.24%     38.31% |         201     12.24%     50.55% |         201     12.24%     62.79% |         201     12.24%     75.03% |         203     12.36%     87.39% |         207     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        2433     13.19%     13.19% |        2338     12.68%     25.87% |        2321     12.59%     38.46% |        2226     12.07%     50.53% |        2269     12.31%     62.84% |        2242     12.16%     75.00% |        2295     12.45%     87.45% |        2315     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        18439                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       30785     12.59%     12.59% |       30606     12.51%     25.10% |       30540     12.49%     37.59% |       30536     12.49%     50.07% |       30513     12.48%     62.55% |       30506     12.47%     75.02% |       30554     12.49%     87.52% |       30532     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       244572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       26576     12.47%     12.47% |       26818     12.59%     25.06% |       26569     12.47%     37.53% |       26823     12.59%     50.11% |       26621     12.49%     62.61% |       26721     12.54%     75.15% |       26430     12.40%     87.55% |       26533     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       213091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         214     13.03%     13.03% |         214     13.03%     26.07% |         201     12.24%     38.31% |         201     12.24%     50.55% |         201     12.24%     62.79% |         201     12.24%     75.03% |         203     12.36%     87.39% |         207     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         214     13.03%     13.03% |         214     13.03%     26.07% |         201     12.24%     38.31% |         201     12.24%     50.55% |         201     12.24%     62.79% |         201     12.24%     75.03% |         203     12.36%     87.39% |         207     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1642                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          260                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            260                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          260                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          260                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        52288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    39458545    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     39458545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   204467219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    204467219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    25950980    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25950980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        6796    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1499364    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1499364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      107259    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       107259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      494371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       494371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1112286    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1112286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1499205    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1499205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |      493880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total       493880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |      472873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total       472873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |      531422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total       531422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      494486    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       494486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      473475    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       473475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      531404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       531404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6601    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         6601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          29    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         159    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     9712530    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9712530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   203993700    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    203993700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      107259    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       107259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      860995    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       860995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    29251498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     29251498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    25312288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     25312288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      638210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       638210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          31    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      494371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       494371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      473594    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       473594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |      860995    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total       860995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load |      493880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load::total       493880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch |      472873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch::total       472873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      638692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       638692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store |      531422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store::total       531422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |      107259    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total       107259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      638210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       638210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       63047     13.32%     13.32% |       58086     12.27%     25.58% |       54609     11.53%     37.12% |       58332     12.32%     49.44% |       56143     11.86%     61.29% |       65644     13.86%     75.16% |       63322     13.37%     88.53% |       54296     11.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       473479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       79996     16.18%     16.18% |       61970     12.53%     28.71% |       61716     12.48%     41.19% |       59077     11.95%     53.14% |       57537     11.64%     64.77% |       56894     11.51%     76.28% |       55827     11.29%     87.57% |       61469     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       494486                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       86248     13.50%     13.50% |       79133     12.39%     25.89% |       79738     12.48%     38.38% |       78899     12.35%     50.73% |       77418     12.12%     62.85% |       80320     12.58%     75.43% |       77755     12.17%     87.60% |       79181     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       638692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      211195     14.09%     14.09% |      186188     12.42%     26.51% |      183154     12.22%     38.72% |      183633     12.25%     50.97% |      178906     11.93%     62.91% |      190092     12.68%     75.58% |      184794     12.33%     87.91% |      181243     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1499205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       26576     12.47%     12.47% |       26818     12.59%     25.06% |       26569     12.47%     37.53% |       26823     12.59%     50.11% |       26621     12.49%     62.61% |       26721     12.54%     75.15% |       26430     12.40%     87.55% |       26533     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       213091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        2433     13.19%     13.19% |        2338     12.68%     25.87% |        2321     12.59%     38.46% |        2226     12.07%     50.53% |        2269     12.31%     62.84% |        2242     12.16%     75.00% |        2295     12.45%     87.45% |        2315     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        18439                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       30785     12.59%     12.59% |       30606     12.51%     25.10% |       30540     12.49%     37.59% |       30536     12.49%     50.07% |       30513     12.48%     62.55% |       30506     12.47%     75.02% |       30554     12.49%     87.52% |       30532     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       244572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       29403     12.60%     12.60% |       29370     12.59%     25.19% |       29091     12.47%     37.65% |       29250     12.53%     50.19% |       29091     12.47%     62.65% |       29164     12.50%     75.15% |       28928     12.40%     87.55% |       29055     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       233352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         851     12.86%     12.86% |         860     13.00%     25.86% |         823     12.44%     38.30% |         770     11.64%     49.94% |         800     12.09%     62.03% |         821     12.41%     74.44% |         839     12.68%     87.12% |         852     12.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      166244     14.67%     14.67% |      141101     12.45%     27.13% |      141378     12.48%     39.60% |      137948     12.17%     51.78% |      134954     11.91%     63.69% |      137213     12.11%     75.80% |      133576     11.79%     87.59% |      140649     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total      1133063                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         788     21.62%     21.62% |         428     11.75%     33.37% |         402     11.03%     44.40% |         402     11.03%     55.43% |         402     11.03%     66.47% |         402     11.03%     77.50% |         406     11.14%     88.64% |         414     11.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         3644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         382     12.33%     12.33% |         391     12.62%     24.95% |         398     12.85%     37.80% |         380     12.27%     50.06% |         369     11.91%     61.98% |         377     12.17%     74.14% |         399     12.88%     87.02% |         402     12.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         3098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        3644     12.94%     12.94% |        3522     12.51%     25.45% |        3484     12.37%     37.82% |        3550     12.61%     50.43% |        3483     12.37%     62.79% |        3525     12.52%     75.31% |        3529     12.53%     87.84% |        3423     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        28160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       26759     12.54%     12.54% |       26693     12.51%     25.06% |       26658     12.50%     37.55% |       26606     12.47%     50.03% |       26661     12.50%     62.53% |       26604     12.47%     75.00% |       26626     12.48%     87.48% |       26707     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       213314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       62664     13.32%     13.32% |       57694     12.27%     25.59% |       54208     11.52%     37.11% |       57952     12.32%     49.43% |       55773     11.86%     61.29% |       65265     13.88%     75.17% |       62921     13.38%     88.54% |       53894     11.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       470371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.74%      1.74% |          76     66.09%     67.83% |          28     24.35%     92.17% |           1      0.87%     93.04% |           1      0.87%     93.91% |           6      5.22%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |       63046     13.31%     13.31% |       58087     12.27%     25.58% |       54685     11.55%     37.12% |       58359     12.32%     49.45% |       56144     11.85%     61.30% |       65645     13.86%     75.16% |       63328     13.37%     88.54% |       54297     11.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total       473591                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         851     12.88%     12.88% |         860     13.02%     25.90% |         823     12.46%     38.36% |         767     11.61%     49.97% |         798     12.08%     62.05% |         818     12.38%     74.43% |         838     12.69%     87.12% |         851     12.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       76352     16.38%     16.38% |       58446     12.54%     28.91% |       58156     12.47%     41.39% |       55499     11.90%     53.29% |       54053     11.59%     64.89% |       53368     11.45%     76.33% |       52292     11.22%     87.55% |       58045     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       466211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       41574     13.07%     13.07% |       39441     12.40%     25.47% |       40172     12.63%     38.09% |       39621     12.45%     50.55% |       38567     12.12%     62.67% |       40952     12.87%     75.55% |       39020     12.27%     87.81% |       38772     12.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       318119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       26576     12.47%     12.47% |       26818     12.59%     25.06% |       26569     12.47%     37.53% |       26822     12.59%     50.11% |       26621     12.49%     62.61% |       26720     12.54%     75.15% |       26430     12.40%     87.55% |       26533     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       213089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1582     13.37%     13.37% |        1478     12.49%     25.86% |        1498     12.66%     38.52% |        1459     12.33%     50.85% |        1471     12.43%     63.28% |        1424     12.03%     75.31% |        1457     12.31%     87.63% |        1464     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        11833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         214     13.10%     13.10% |         214     13.10%     26.19% |         201     12.30%     38.49% |         199     12.18%     50.67% |         199     12.18%     62.85% |         199     12.18%     75.03% |         202     12.36%     87.39% |         206     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       17915     16.70%     16.70% |       12999     12.12%     28.82% |       12908     12.03%     40.86% |       12672     11.81%     52.67% |       12190     11.37%     64.04% |       12764     11.90%     75.94% |       12109     11.29%     87.23% |       13702     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       107259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      148149     14.44%     14.44% |      128101     12.49%     26.94% |      128469     12.53%     39.46% |      125274     12.21%     51.68% |      122762     11.97%     63.65% |      124447     12.13%     75.78% |      121466     11.84%     87.62% |      126946     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1025614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         180     95.74%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           2      1.06%     96.81% |           2      1.06%     97.87% |           2      1.06%     98.94% |           1      0.53%     99.47% |           1      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       29403     12.60%     12.60% |       29370     12.59%     25.19% |       29091     12.47%     37.65% |       29250     12.53%     50.19% |       29091     12.47%     62.65% |       29164     12.50%     75.15% |       28928     12.40%     87.55% |       29055     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       233352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         214     13.10%     13.10% |         214     13.10%     26.19% |         201     12.30%     38.49% |         199     12.18%     50.67% |         199     12.18%     62.85% |         199     12.18%     75.03% |         202     12.36%     87.39% |         206     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         180     95.74%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           2      1.06%     96.81% |           2      1.06%     97.87% |           2      1.06%     98.94% |           1      0.53%     99.47% |           1      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         851     12.88%     12.88% |         860     13.02%     25.90% |         823     12.46%     38.36% |         767     11.61%     49.97% |         798     12.08%     62.05% |         818     12.38%     74.43% |         838     12.69%     87.12% |         851     12.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         6606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        3644     12.94%     12.94% |        3522     12.51%     25.45% |        3484     12.37%     37.82% |        3550     12.61%     50.43% |        3483     12.37%     62.79% |        3525     12.52%     75.31% |        3529     12.53%     87.84% |        3423     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        28160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         382     12.33%     12.33% |         391     12.62%     24.95% |         398     12.85%     37.80% |         380     12.27%     50.06% |         369     11.91%     61.98% |         377     12.17%     74.14% |         399     12.88%     87.02% |         402     12.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         3098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       26759     12.54%     12.54% |       26693     12.51%     25.06% |       26658     12.50%     37.55% |       26606     12.47%     50.03% |       26661     12.50%     62.53% |       26604     12.47%     75.00% |       26626     12.48%     87.48% |       26707     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       213314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      166244     14.67%     14.67% |      141101     12.45%     27.13% |      141378     12.48%     39.60% |      137948     12.17%     51.78% |      134954     11.91%     63.69% |      137213     12.11%     75.80% |      133576     11.79%     87.59% |      140649     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total      1133063                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
