
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.314253                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                314253114500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5532072946500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 681268                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1257276                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              713635707                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1750900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   440.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     553647965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       361536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            361536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       484736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         484736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1150461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1150461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1542502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1542502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2692963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2692963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       5649                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7574                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     5649                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                343104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  18432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 480576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 361536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              484736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   70                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       26                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 284023193000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 5649                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7574                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   5361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   248.695652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.397904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   247.445994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1194     36.05%     36.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          868     26.21%     62.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          466     14.07%     76.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          329      9.93%     86.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          184      5.56%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      1.63%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.91%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.75%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      4.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.129577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.709048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             74     20.85%     20.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             15      4.23%     25.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            20      5.63%     30.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      4.23%     34.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          158     44.51%     79.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           38     10.70%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           11      3.10%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            6      1.69%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      1.13%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.56%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      1.41%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.28%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.85%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.152113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.493373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.683662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          247     69.58%     69.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           19      5.35%     74.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      1.69%     76.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      1.13%     77.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      1.69%     79.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      2.54%     81.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            5      1.41%     83.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           13      3.66%     87.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            7      1.97%     89.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      1.41%     90.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            2      0.56%     90.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.85%     91.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            2      0.56%     92.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.85%     93.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      1.13%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.56%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      1.97%     96.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.56%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.85%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.28%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.28%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.56%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   476169750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              576688500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  26805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    88821.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              107571.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     23.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3642                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   5916                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                67.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               78.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  21479482.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                50029980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                26591565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              139230000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              39541500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        5663292960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          1710282150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           328192800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13552111380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     8141635680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1315606564665                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1345259364480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           243.174553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        282877390250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    145201250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    439796000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 305348603250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4048626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    550330250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4627619000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                44703540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                23760495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              139815480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              41410260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        4850738880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          1658731920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           271166400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12293086260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6572840640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317069579525                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1342966553640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           242.760095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        285129402250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    139793000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    443944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 307620212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3959629750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    705715750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4694321000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       351104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            351104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       484928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         484928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         5486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               5486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1117265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1117265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1543113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1543113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2660378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2660378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       5486                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      7577                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     5486                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    7577                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                338624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  12480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 485504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 351104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              484928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       39                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 286417018500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 5486                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                7577                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   5291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.737695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.851507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   252.355671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1137     35.42%     35.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          817     25.45%     60.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          425     13.24%     74.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          358     11.15%     85.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          195      6.07%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.62%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      1.06%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      1.03%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          159      4.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.901685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.570162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             66     18.54%     18.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             23      6.46%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      4.21%     29.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           19      5.34%     34.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          163     45.79%     80.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           34      9.55%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           14      3.93%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            7      1.97%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      1.97%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.56%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.56%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.308989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.289653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.102845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          258     72.47%     72.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      6.46%     78.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      1.40%     80.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.56%     80.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            2      0.56%     81.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            3      0.84%     82.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           11      3.09%     85.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      2.53%     87.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            3      0.84%     88.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      1.12%     89.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      1.69%     91.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.28%     91.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.12%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.84%     93.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.28%     94.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.69%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      1.12%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.56%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.28%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.28%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.28%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.28%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.28%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.28%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.28%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   457828250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              557034500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  26455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    86529.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              105279.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     23.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    3661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   6006                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               79.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  21925822.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                47723760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                25365780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              138537420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              39337920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        5443866480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          1693806300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           321574080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13089806040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7709630880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316087933820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1344599375040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           243.055250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        285516303750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    142670500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    414952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 308551099250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3793330500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    555672500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4317509250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                44296560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                23544180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              140215320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              41598180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        4852582800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          1663291920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           276297600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12247062750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6531164160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317130228380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1342950663270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           242.757222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        285090540250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    151718250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    451072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 307545288750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4107104750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    716450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4582282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       349120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            349120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       473600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         473600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         5455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               5455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         7400                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              7400                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1110952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1110952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1507065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             1507065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2618017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             2618017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       5455                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      7400                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     5455                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    7400                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                337984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  11136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 473344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 349120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              473600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       43                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 285068421500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 5455                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                7400                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   5281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         3048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.183727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.160994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   257.596144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1022     33.53%     33.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          777     25.49%     59.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          398     13.06%     72.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          342     11.22%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      7.61%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           50      1.64%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.05%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.92%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167      5.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         3048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.529412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.888705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             63     18.53%     18.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      4.71%     23.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            17      5.00%     28.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      4.41%     32.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          159     46.76%     79.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           32      9.41%     88.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           13      3.82%     92.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            7      2.06%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            1      0.29%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      1.47%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.59%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.59%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.29%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.59%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.29%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.29%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.752941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.591618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.370514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          244     71.76%     71.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           19      5.59%     77.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.88%     78.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.88%     79.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            1      0.29%     79.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.18%     80.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.53%     84.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      1.76%     85.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.35%     88.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.59%     88.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            3      0.88%     89.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.29%     90.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      1.76%     91.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      1.18%     92.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.29%     93.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.29%     93.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            8      2.35%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.59%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.29%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.29%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.29%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.29%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.29%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.29%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.29%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.29%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.29%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.29%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   428662500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              527681250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  26405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    81170.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               99920.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        1.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     1.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    3725                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   5904                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                70.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               79.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  22175684.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                46224360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                24568830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              136830960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              38283480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        5370724320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          1656585870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           334079520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12919565850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7613944800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316229578685                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1344371632965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           243.014083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        284022605000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    151172000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    390550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 307437045750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3554064000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    487784250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4184702500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                43368360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                23050830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              139401360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              41034420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        4768991760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          1609352820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           263145120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12019203540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6452324160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317320867910                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1342681826910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           242.708627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        285247764000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    115763750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    407612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 308451124500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3701606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    636846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4238545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       347712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            347712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       481024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         481024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         5433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               5433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         7516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1106471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1106471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1530690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             1530690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2637161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             2637161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       5433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      7516                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     5433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    7516                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                337984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   9728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 480832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 347712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              481024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       58                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 283102238500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 5433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                7516                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   5281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         3090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.009709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.291962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   256.361705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1042     33.72%     33.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          812     26.28%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          367     11.88%     71.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          349     11.29%     83.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          244      7.90%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.68%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.04%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.04%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          160      5.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         3090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.254335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.325183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             64     18.50%     18.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             12      3.47%     21.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            18      5.20%     27.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           19      5.49%     32.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          167     48.27%     80.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           32      9.25%     90.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           12      3.47%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      2.31%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            1      0.29%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      1.16%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.87%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.29%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.29%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.713873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.501296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.895748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          250     72.25%     72.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.91%     77.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      1.73%     78.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            1      0.29%     79.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.87%     80.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.16%     81.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      4.05%     85.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      2.02%     87.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            4      1.16%     88.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      1.45%     89.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            4      1.16%     91.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.16%     92.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.87%     93.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.87%     93.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.29%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            5      1.45%     95.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.87%     96.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.29%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.58%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.29%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.58%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.58%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.29%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.29%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   435922999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              534941749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  26405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    82545.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              101295.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        1.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     1.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    3723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   5982                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                70.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               79.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  21862864.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                46138680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                24523290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              138137580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              38977740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        5339377680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          1654170780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           346283520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12810737460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7573471680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316299780455                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1344272943495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           242.996243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        281975012000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    186041750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    407926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 305204444250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3774035750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    538408250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4143582750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                43389780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                23062215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              139915440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              41326740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        4749937920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          1610704290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           264793440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12041627910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6371882880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317350827005                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1342637956770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           242.700696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        285629865500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    122763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    422352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 308610215750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3883988750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    618492250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4278549250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4       346368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            346368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4       470976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         470976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4         5412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               5412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4         7359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total              7359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1102194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              1102194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1498715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             1498715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2600910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             2600910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                       5412                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                      7359                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                     5412                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                    7359                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                336576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                   9792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                 471424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                 346368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys              470976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2              347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3              398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6              177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8              228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9              379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11             366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12             450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13             309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14             396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0              503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1              478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6              346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7              481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9              626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10             573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11             588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12             529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13             379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15             453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       55                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 286631722000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                 5412                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                7359                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                   5259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                   351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                   413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                   431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                   371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                   359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                   347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                   344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples         3023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.284155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   256.568592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1018     33.68%     33.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255          772     25.54%     59.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          362     11.97%     71.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          350     11.58%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          258      8.53%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.59%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.63%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      1.19%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          160      5.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total         3023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples          336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.705357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.356137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             66     19.64%     19.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             12      3.57%     23.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            14      4.17%     27.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           19      5.65%     33.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          151     44.94%     77.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           37     11.01%     88.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           13      3.87%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            7      2.08%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            3      0.89%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.30%     96.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.89%     97.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.30%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.30%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.30%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.30%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.30%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.60%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.60%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total          336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples          336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.922619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.677899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.716532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          242     72.02%     72.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           12      3.57%     75.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      2.08%     77.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.60%     78.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.89%     79.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.19%     80.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.57%     83.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      1.79%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.38%     88.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.60%     88.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.49%     90.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.60%     90.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.19%     91.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      1.49%     93.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.30%     93.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.79%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.60%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.60%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.30%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.60%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.30%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            3      0.89%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.30%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.30%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.30%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total          336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   450930750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              549537000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  26295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    85744.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              104494.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        1.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        1.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     1.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     1.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                    3754                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                   5848                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                71.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               79.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  22443952.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                45596040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                24234870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              136966620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy              38273040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        5337533760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          1648144740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           333518400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12682360920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7604108640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316376496800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1344228616800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           242.988231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        285575976250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    138945250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    408500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 308794634750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3858045250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    507332500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4065903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                42875700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                22788975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              139465620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy              41018760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        4759772160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          1627446900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           264658080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    11788224720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6540470400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317385769760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1342613846895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           242.696338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        285549201250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    126323250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    421602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 308605776750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3913454750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    618420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4172234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5       346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5       474752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         474752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5         5416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               5416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5         7418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total              7418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1103009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              1103009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1510731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             1510731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2613740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             2613740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                       5416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                      7418                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                     5416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                    7418                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                337472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                   9152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                 474880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                 346624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys              474752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2              347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3              397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4              341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6              174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8              231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9              375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11             362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12             451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13             316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14             397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15             345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0              492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1              490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6              381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7              477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8              631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9              624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10             598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11             581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12             522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13             374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14             427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15             457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       58                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 284118335000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                 5416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                7418                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                   5273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                   367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                   445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                   367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                   358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                   350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         3079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.836310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.217162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   257.593066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1087     35.30%     35.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255          766     24.88%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          376     12.21%     72.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          303      9.84%     82.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          267      8.67%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      1.92%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.84%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.04%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          163      5.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         3079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples          343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.381924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.410850                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             70     20.41%     20.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             11      3.21%     23.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            13      3.79%     27.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           17      4.96%     32.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          156     45.48%     77.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           35     10.20%     88.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           20      5.83%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      2.33%     96.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            1      0.29%     96.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.58%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.58%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.58%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.29%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.29%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.58%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total          343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples          343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.632653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.490956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.438153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          248     72.30%     72.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.96%     77.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      1.17%     78.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.58%     79.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.87%     79.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            7      2.04%     81.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           13      3.79%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      1.75%     87.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            4      1.17%     88.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.58%     89.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.46%     90.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.29%     90.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.17%     92.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      1.46%     93.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.29%     93.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.29%     94.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.75%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.58%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.29%     96.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.58%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.29%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.29%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.29%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.87%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.29%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total          343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   440935000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              539803750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  26365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    83621.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              102371.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        1.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        1.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     1.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     1.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                    3726                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                   5888                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                70.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               79.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  22137941.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   75.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                46824120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                24887610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              137866260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy              38821140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        5346138720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          1659471210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           314634240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12926924550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7593760800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316231429730                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1344322590810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           243.005218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        283037226000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    141353000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    401154000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 306385486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3737259500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    529092250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4060606750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                43289820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                23009085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              139379940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy              40747320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        4721664480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          1581354990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           257798400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12044267580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6372247680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317347375025                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1342571823090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           242.688742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        283375298750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    120220250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    417606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 306379502250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3865783750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    582612750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4272273000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6       346880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            346880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6       463872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         463872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6         5420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total               5420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6         7248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total              7248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1103824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              1103824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1476109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             1476109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2579933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             2579933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                       5420                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                      7248                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                     5420                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                    7248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                336768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  10112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                 464064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                 346880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys              463872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0              375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1              348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3              399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4              341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6              183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8              225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9              373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10             406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11             363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13             305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15             346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0              505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1              485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4              239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6              350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7              486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8              635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9              615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10             571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11             579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12             509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       57                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 283101754500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                 5420                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                7248                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                   5262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                   354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                   364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                   434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                   382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                   353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                   352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                   352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                   344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                   338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         3015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.637148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.468442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.801805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1051     34.86%     34.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255          711     23.58%     58.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          406     13.47%     71.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          317     10.51%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          264      8.76%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           60      1.99%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.80%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.86%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          156      5.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         3015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.807808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.852243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             82     24.62%     24.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            31      9.31%     33.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          182     54.65%     88.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           23      6.91%     95.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            1      0.30%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            5      1.50%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            2      0.60%     97.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            1      0.30%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            1      0.30%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.60%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.30%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.774775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.626421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.411255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          237     71.17%     71.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      5.11%     76.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.90%     77.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      1.50%     78.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            2      0.60%     79.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.20%     80.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           13      3.90%     84.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      1.50%     85.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            6      1.80%     87.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      1.50%     89.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.50%     90.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.30%     90.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      1.50%     92.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      1.80%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.30%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            4      1.20%     95.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.60%     96.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.30%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.30%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.30%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.30%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.30%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.30%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.30%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.60%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.30%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.30%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   447513000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              546175500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  26310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    85046.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              103796.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        1.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     1.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                    3745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                   5754                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                71.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               79.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  22347786.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                46017300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                24458775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              136438260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy              38090340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        5330772720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          1669845780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           334049280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12648528570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7611602880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316371733550                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1344212830065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           242.985377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        281980490250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    148481000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    413240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 305200230500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3911714750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    561164500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4019000250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                42325920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                22496760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              138323220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy              40188780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        4656512640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          1552181250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           256214880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    11849853690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6261888000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317531761595                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1342352429505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           242.649083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        285316202250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    116837250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    405556000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 308559743750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3715955750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    581361750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4182121000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7       347392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            347392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7       471488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         471488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7         5428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               5428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7         7367                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total              7367                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1105453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              1105453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1500345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             1500345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2605798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             2605798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                       5428                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                      7367                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                     5428                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                    7367                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                338240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                   9152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                 471808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                 347392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys              471488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1              348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2              341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3              395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4              338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9              381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11             365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12             451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14             394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15             346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0              501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1              480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2              377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7              482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8              629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9              626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11             582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12             503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13             361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14             425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15             460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       46                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 283101211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                 5428                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                7367                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                   5285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                   346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                   383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                   364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                   383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                   439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                   356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                   364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                   359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                   355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                   355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         3129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   258.904442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.165975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.917290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1124     35.92%     35.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255          779     24.90%     60.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          401     12.82%     73.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          298      9.52%     83.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          258      8.25%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.66%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.77%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      1.09%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          159      5.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         3129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples          336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.744048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.699214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             64     19.05%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             13      3.87%     22.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            16      4.76%     27.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      4.46%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          153     45.54%     77.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           32      9.52%     87.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           25      7.44%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            5      1.49%     96.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            2      0.60%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.30%     97.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.60%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.60%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.30%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.60%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.30%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total          336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples          336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.940476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.647593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.879955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          246     73.21%     73.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           14      4.17%     77.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            1      0.30%     77.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.60%     78.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            1      0.30%     78.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      1.79%     80.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      4.17%     84.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      1.49%     86.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            7      2.08%     88.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            1      0.30%     88.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            4      1.19%     89.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.89%     90.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.89%     91.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      1.19%     92.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.30%     92.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      2.08%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.60%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.60%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.30%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.30%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.89%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.30%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.30%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.30%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.30%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.30%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.30%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.30%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total          336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   446503249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              545596999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  26425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    84485.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              103235.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        1.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        1.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     1.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     1.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                    3754                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                   5775                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                71.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               78.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  22125925.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   75.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                46424280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                24675090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              137295060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy              38518380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        5283445440.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          1679438880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           331175040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    12663924840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7444018080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316449015275                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1344099137625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           242.964825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        281954564750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    153218500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    392218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 305568742250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3656274000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    602113500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3880635250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                42732900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                22713075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              139294260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy              40538520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        4702610640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          1591660020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           265284480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    11775854010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6364076160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317508558635                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1342454116080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           242.667465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        285257455250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    118652500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    412116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 308428015250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3811272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    630034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4159160500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   39459690                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   22319311                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        21028                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4900                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  217574523                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15276                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 44                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           22                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    778793578.318182                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   958412376.145065                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           22    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       195001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2299345556                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             22                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   301611362776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  17133458723                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       628506229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157629830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    281019327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            249696521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              41041006                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4762762                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     20359369                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   249696521                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     41041006                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          501544257                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         193998128                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            66563136                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           36811632                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           157198018                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           82313787                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     61695233                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   39378465                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  22316768                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              34266917.445891                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              594239311.554109                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.945479                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.054521                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         27747080                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               626322      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                194064594     69.06%     69.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  149992      0.05%     69.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   568930      0.20%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               23921560      8.51%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                32216382     11.46%     89.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               19223930      6.84%     96.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            7162037      2.55%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           3092838      1.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 281026585                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                5018                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               5018                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               668                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              668                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        18506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   19842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        12208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        21055                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    23727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              5194500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4800990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             2853500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3117621                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1003229                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            13861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1680384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          473                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5193181                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.836981                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.604463                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     4673590     89.99%     89.99% |        9510      0.18%     90.18% |           5      0.00%     90.18% |       13701      0.26%     90.44% |      455376      8.77%     99.21% |       10778      0.21%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |       24710      0.48%     99.89% |        5511      0.11%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5193181                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    279468226                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000243                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000169                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.015600                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   279400199     99.98%     99.98% |       68027      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    279468226                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      279468226                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.121060                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.014812                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.528267                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   279461312    100.00%    100.00% |        1089      0.00%    100.00% |         895      0.00%    100.00% |         230      0.00%    100.00% |        4440      0.00%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        279468226                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    278073656                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   278073656    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    278073656                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1394570                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.260089                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.039052                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.423664                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1387656     99.50%     99.50% |        1089      0.08%     99.58% |         895      0.06%     99.65% |         230      0.02%     99.66% |        4440      0.32%     99.98% |         227      0.02%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1394570                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5372.034755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.024435                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.118348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5367.081476                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.008401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.120278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5443.448918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5430.089721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007219                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5413.402748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.290460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5410.721619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007219                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.092245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5284.910580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.252434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5465.375427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     61254576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       654451                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     61909027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    216819080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       740119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    217559199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.444899                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.001289                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            6                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1393956                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams        80692                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested        79904                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits          614                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed          793                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.006984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  4004.031478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4474.056041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       158885                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         5609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       164494                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.257585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.014684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4396.660152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       138467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         5486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       143953                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000605                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   988.779561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009166                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.001698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4348.012751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       138627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         5455                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       144082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.690633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.012137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4416.556512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       236389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         5433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       241822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.208559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4557.030617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       231186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         5412                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       236598                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000895                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.334389                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4589.826642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       242035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         5416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       247451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000934                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.923294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.005601                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000371                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4488.501348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       142865                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         5420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       148285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.069444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4345.847365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       139113                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         5428                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       144541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   991.389220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.000915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.003492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3504.031478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.006459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1862.971524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.001885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.793092                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1471226                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1471226                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1       723657                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2       723559                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       381757                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       341647                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     11769808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    105928272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5789256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5788472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27486504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2733176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3974.056038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.014684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2843.170518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.258319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.098872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       170103                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       174513                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       109747                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104986                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        52997                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51852                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      1360824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12564936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       877976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3815784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       414816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3896.660152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009166                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.001698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000036                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2692.649395                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1488.779852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.086440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       149439                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153852                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93253                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42428                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1195512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11077344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       746024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       708144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3318264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       339424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3848.012751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.012137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2918.262606                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000381                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.690633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.087451                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       149537                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153766                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        95823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2        91260                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48341                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42917                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1196296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11071152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       766584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       730080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3480552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       343336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3916.556512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.007886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2886.203787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000533                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.208558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.125507                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       247255                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       251601                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93401                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88766                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46581                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42183                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1978040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18115272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       747208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       710128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3353832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       337464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4057.030620                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.004451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2869.206048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000520                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.337499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.122582                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       242010                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       246199                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        90452                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45201                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        40726                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1936080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17726328                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       723616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       687448                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3254472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       325808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4089.826639                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.005601                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2855.283973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.923471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.128481                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       252867                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       257115                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93331                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88740                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49037                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39702                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2022936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18512280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       746648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       709920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3530664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       317616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000371                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3988.501351                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.007996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2748.718617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000378                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.069711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.087488                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       153705                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       157784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        89278                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2        84859                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45837                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39019                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1229640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11360448                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       714224                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       678872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3300264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       312152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3845.847365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.007986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.000915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2933.294074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000381                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1491.389281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.087310                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       149969                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        95068                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2        90499                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47676                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42820                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1199752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11100096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       760544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       723992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3432672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       342560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4872.034755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.118348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.024487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.004334                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0         5609                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10194                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4863                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3457                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0        44872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       733968                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38904                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4867.081480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.120278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.008423                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.004210                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0         5486                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9899                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4707                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0        43888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       712728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37656                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4943.448918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.004125                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0         5455                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9684                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0        43640                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       697248                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4930.089721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.004162                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0         5433                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9779                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4614                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0        43464                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       704088                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36912                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4913.402748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.290460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.004092                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9601                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4493                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0        43296                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       691272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35944                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4910.721619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.092245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.004118                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0        43328                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       695808                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36496                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4784.910580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.252434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.004052                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0         5420                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9499                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0        43360                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       683928                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35136                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4965.375427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.004104                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0         5428                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9627                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4531                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0        43424                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       693144                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36248                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.002158                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211448                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.003492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2362.971524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.001885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3343.170518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1990.258319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3192.649394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1988.779852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3418.262606                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000381                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1990.690633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3386.203787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000533                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1991.208557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3369.206048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000520                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1991.337499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3355.283973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1991.923471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3248.718617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000378                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1991.069710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3433.294074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000381                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1991.389280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.024487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.008423                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.007237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.007242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.007339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.007243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.007375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.007323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.003492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  3004.031478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3474.056034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.021137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.014684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3396.660152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.009166                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2500.001698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3348.012751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.007837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.012137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3416.556512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.007730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.007886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3557.030623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.007831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.004451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3589.826636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.007845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.005601                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000371                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3488.501354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.007922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.007996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3345.847365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.007986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.000915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4372.034755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.118348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4367.081483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.120278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4443.448918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4430.089721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4413.402748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.290460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4410.721619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.092245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4284.910580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.252434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4465.375427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.000062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.003982                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2504.031478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2974.056031                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.021137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.014684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2896.660152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.009166                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2000.001698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2848.012751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.007837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.012137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2916.556512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.007730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.007886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3057.030627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.007831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.004451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3089.826632                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.007845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.005601                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000371                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2988.501357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.007922                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.007996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2845.847365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.007986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.000915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  3872.034755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.118348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  3867.081486                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.120278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  3943.448918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  3930.089721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  3913.402748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.290460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  3910.721619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.092245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3784.910580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.252434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  3965.375427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.000062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.063561                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1514885                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1549173                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1       760353                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2       723559                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       381757                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       368078                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     12119080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    111540456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6082824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5788472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27486504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2944624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         4544655                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control         1164                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4647519                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      4451736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1145676                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1183002                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         36357240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control         9312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    334621368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     35613888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     82488672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      9464016                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5532072946500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.110954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1471226                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       723404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    105928272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5787232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.475231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1471226                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       723559                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       381757                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       341647                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11769808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5788472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27486504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2733176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.068002                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       164494                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5609                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4798                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104986                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        52997                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51852                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1315952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       403848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3815784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       414816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.129741                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5609                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       168904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       104949                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12161088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       839592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.059165                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       143953                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5486                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4650                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42428                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1151624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       394992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       708144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3318264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       339424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.113715                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5486                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       148366                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88603                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10682352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       708824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       144082                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4468                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        91260                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48341                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42917                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1152656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       392760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       730080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3480552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       343336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.113892                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       148311                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        91355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10678392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       730840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.067259                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       241822                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4559                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88766                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46581                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42183                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1934576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       391176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       710128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3353832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       337464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.183754                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       246168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88842                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17724096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       710736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065489                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       236598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4429                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45201                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        40726                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1892784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       389664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       687448                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3254472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       325808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.179676                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240787                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        86023                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17336664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       688184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.069248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       247451                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4491                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88740                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49037                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39702                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1979608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       389952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       709920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3530664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       317616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.187713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       251699                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18122328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       710720                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.058695                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       148285                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5420                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4322                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        84859                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45837                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39019                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1186280                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       390240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        34576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       678872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3300264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       312152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.116282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5420                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       152364                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        84956                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10970208                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       679648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.060481                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       144541                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4463                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        90499                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47676                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42820                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1156328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       390816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       723992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3432672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       342560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.114138                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       148740                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        90605                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        43424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10709280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       724840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003887                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5609                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4410                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3457                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       317520                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004781                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5784                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4763                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       416448                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38104                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003864                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5486                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4413                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       317736                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004556                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5486                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4619                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       394992                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003731                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5455                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4229                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43640                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       304488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5455                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4437                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       392760                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003811                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5433                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4346                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43464                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       312912                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004512                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5433                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       391176                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003699                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4189                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43296                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       301608                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004486                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4397                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       389664                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003741                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43328                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       305856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004494                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4461                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       389952                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35688                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003621                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5420                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4079                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43360                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       293688                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004483                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5420                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4292                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       390240                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        34336                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003708                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5428                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4199                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43424                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       302328                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004499                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5428                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4422                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       390816                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35376                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002214                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002103                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211448                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.110954                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          388                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1471226                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       723404                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    105928272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5787232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.068002                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       164494                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5609                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4798                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       104986                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        52997                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51852                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1315952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       403848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3815784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       414816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.059165                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       143953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5486                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4650                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88518                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46087                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42428                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1151624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       394992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       708144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3318264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       339424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.061009                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       144082                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5455                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4468                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2        91260                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48341                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42917                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1152656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       392760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       730080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3480552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       343336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.067259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       241822                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5433                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4559                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88766                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46581                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42183                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1934576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       391176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       710128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3353832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       337464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.065489                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       236598                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4429                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85931                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45201                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        40726                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1892784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       389664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       687448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3254472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       325808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.069248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       247451                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4491                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49037                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39702                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1979608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       389952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       709920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3530664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       317616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.058695                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       148285                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5420                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4322                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2        84859                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45837                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39019                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1186280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       390240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        34576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       678872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3300264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       312152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.060481                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       144541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5428                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4463                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2        90499                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47676                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42820                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1156328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       390816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       723992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3432672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       342560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.003887                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0         5609                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4410                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3457                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0        44872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       317520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.003864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0         5486                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0        43888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       317736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.003731                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0         5455                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0        43640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       304488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.003811                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0         5433                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4346                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0        43464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       312912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.003699                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4189                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0        43296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       301608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.003741                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0         5416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0        43328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       305856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.003621                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0         5420                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4079                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0        43360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       293688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.003708                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0         5428                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4199                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0        43424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       302328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.002214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       2918189                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.278313                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.170406                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2479147     84.95%     84.95% |        9387      0.32%     85.28% |           0      0.00%     85.28% |           0      0.00%     85.28% |      388656     13.32%     98.60% |       10778      0.37%     98.96% |           0      0.00%     98.96% |           0      0.00%     98.96% |       24710      0.85%     99.81% |        5511      0.19%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         2918189                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2274604                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.270918                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.421614                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2194055     96.46%     96.46% |           0      0.00%     96.46% |         123      0.01%     96.46% |           0      0.00%     96.46% |           5      0.00%     96.46% |           0      0.00%     96.46% |       13701      0.60%     97.07% |           0      0.00%     97.07% |       66720      2.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2274604                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples           388                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         388    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total             388                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     38293916                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.242511                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.031759                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.955363                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    38292445    100.00%    100.00% |         260      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |         988      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      38293916                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37892279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37892279    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37892279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       401637                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.122095                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.706324                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.902100                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      400166     99.63%     99.63% |         260      0.06%     99.70% |         158      0.04%     99.74% |          20      0.00%     99.74% |         988      0.25%     99.99% |          42      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       401637                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     22307100                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.483665                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.034999                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     14.454078                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    22302957     99.98%     99.98% |         766      0.00%     99.98% |         711      0.00%     99.99% |         204      0.00%     99.99% |        2312      0.01%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      22307100                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22067543                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22067543    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22067543                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       239557                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.037966                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.613323                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   132.089787                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      235414     98.27%     98.27% |         766      0.32%     98.59% |         711      0.30%     98.89% |         204      0.09%     98.97% |        2312      0.97%     99.94% |         124      0.05%     99.99% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       239557                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    217559248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.062081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009725                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.035612                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   217557959    100.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |        1130      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    217559248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    216819080                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   216819080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    216819080                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       740168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.247648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.198080                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.751695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      738879     99.83%     99.83% |          62      0.01%     99.83% |          26      0.00%     99.84% |           6      0.00%     99.84% |        1130      0.15%     99.99% |          61      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       740168                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1302994                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.190882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.030057                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.818193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1302976    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1302994                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1289871                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1289871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1289871                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13123                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.952831                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.924370                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.045596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13105     99.86%     99.86% |           7      0.05%     99.92% |           1      0.01%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |          10      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.603865                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.105090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.229334                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2399     96.58%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |          50      2.01%     98.59% |          35      1.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2399    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           85                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.647059                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.545422                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.980295                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          50     58.82%     58.82% |          35     41.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           85                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2484                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        5609     12.85%     12.85% |        5486     12.57%     25.41% |        5455     12.49%     37.91% |        5433     12.44%     50.35% |        5412     12.40%     62.75% |        5416     12.41%     75.15% |        5420     12.41%     87.57% |        5428     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        43659                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        4410     12.93%     12.93% |        4413     12.94%     25.86% |        4229     12.40%     38.26% |        4346     12.74%     51.00% |        4189     12.28%     63.28% |        4248     12.45%     75.73% |        4079     11.96%     87.69% |        4199     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        34113                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        5649     12.93%     12.93% |        5486     12.55%     25.48% |        5455     12.48%     37.96% |        5433     12.43%     50.40% |        5412     12.38%     62.78% |        5416     12.39%     75.18% |        5420     12.40%     87.58% |        5428     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        43699                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7574     12.74%     12.74% |        7577     12.74%     25.48% |        7400     12.45%     37.93% |        7516     12.64%     50.57% |        7359     12.38%     62.94% |        7418     12.48%     75.42% |        7248     12.19%     87.61% |        7367     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        59459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          175                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        3282     12.50%     12.50% |        3282     12.50%     25.00% |        3282     12.50%     37.50% |        3282     12.50%     50.00% |        3282     12.50%     62.50% |        3282     12.50%     75.00% |        3282     12.50%     87.50% |        3282     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        26256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         100     13.00%     13.00% |          88     11.44%     24.45% |          97     12.61%     37.06% |          78     10.14%     47.20% |          96     12.48%     59.69% |         101     13.13%     72.82% |         100     13.00%     85.83% |         109     14.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        5609     12.85%     12.85% |        5486     12.57%     25.41% |        5455     12.49%     37.91% |        5433     12.44%     50.35% |        5412     12.40%     62.75% |        5416     12.41%     75.15% |        5420     12.41%     87.57% |        5428     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        43659                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        3164     12.48%     12.48% |        3164     12.48%     24.97% |        3171     12.51%     37.48% |        3170     12.51%     49.98% |        3170     12.51%     62.49% |        3170     12.51%     75.00% |        3169     12.50%     87.50% |        3168     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        25346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        3164     12.48%     12.48% |        3164     12.48%     24.97% |        3171     12.51%     37.48% |        3170     12.51%     49.98% |        3170     12.51%     62.49% |        3170     12.51%     75.00% |        3169     12.50%     87.50% |        3168     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        25346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        4157     12.57%     12.57% |        4295     12.99%     25.56% |        4118     12.45%     38.01% |        4234     12.80%     50.82% |        4077     12.33%     63.15% |        4136     12.51%     75.65% |        3966     11.99%     87.65% |        4085     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        33068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         118     12.97%     12.97% |         118     12.97%     25.93% |         111     12.20%     38.13% |         112     12.31%     50.44% |         112     12.31%     62.75% |         112     12.31%     75.05% |         113     12.42%     87.47% |         114     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         100     13.00%     13.00% |          88     11.44%     24.45% |          97     12.61%     37.06% |          78     10.14%     47.20% |          96     12.48%     59.69% |         101     13.13%     72.82% |         100     13.00%     85.83% |         109     14.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        5609     12.85%     12.85% |        5486     12.57%     25.41% |        5455     12.49%     37.91% |        5433     12.44%     50.35% |        5412     12.40%     62.75% |        5416     12.41%     75.15% |        5420     12.41%     87.57% |        5428     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        43659                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        4157     12.57%     12.57% |        4295     12.99%     25.56% |        4118     12.45%     38.01% |        4234     12.80%     50.82% |        4077     12.33%     63.15% |        4136     12.51%     75.65% |        3966     11.99%     87.65% |        4085     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        33068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         118     12.97%     12.97% |         118     12.97%     25.93% |         111     12.20%     38.13% |         112     12.31%     50.44% |         112     12.31%     62.75% |         112     12.31%     75.05% |         113     12.42%     87.47% |         114     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          910                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         118     12.97%     12.97% |         118     12.97%     25.93% |         111     12.20%     38.13% |         112     12.31%     50.44% |         112     12.31%     62.75% |         112     12.31%     75.05% |         113     12.42%     87.47% |         114     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          910                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        26256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    38293916    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     38293916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   217559254    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    217559254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    23615062    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     23615062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         388    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1471184    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1471184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      431908    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       431908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1039318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1039318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      723404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       723404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       32411    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        32411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |        8524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total         8524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       39578    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        39578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      401514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       401514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      740119    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       740119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      252282    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       252282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         235    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       30513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        30513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |        7429    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total         7429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       39328    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        39328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         520    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total          520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   216819080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    216819080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      747668    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       747668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        1095    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         1095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    13021507    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     13021507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       90120    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        90120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      341605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       341605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load |        1821    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load::total         1821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store |          90    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store::total           90                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    24870252    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     24870252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23272177    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23272177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      381799    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       381799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |          77    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      401525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       401525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      740280    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       740280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      252765    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       252765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      723404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       723404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       30383    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        30383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |        7387    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total         7387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |         442    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total          442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       38886    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        38886                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       59508      7.96%      7.96% |       55433      7.42%     15.38% |       52743      7.06%     22.43% |      153029     20.47%     42.90% |      150666     20.15%     63.06% |      158708     21.23%     84.29% |       63420      8.48%     92.77% |       54041      7.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       747548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       67400     15.60%     15.60% |       52729     12.21%     27.81% |       53888     12.47%     40.28% |       52657     12.19%     52.47% |       50706     11.74%     64.20% |       50704     11.74%     75.94% |       49060     11.36%     87.30% |       54883     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       432027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       37586     12.89%     12.89% |       35791     12.27%     25.16% |       37451     12.84%     38.00% |       36136     12.39%     50.39% |       35226     12.08%     62.47% |       38039     13.04%     75.51% |       35805     12.28%     87.79% |       35617     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       291651                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      104849     14.49%     14.49% |       88515     12.24%     26.73% |       91258     12.62%     39.34% |       88764     12.27%     51.62% |       85927     11.88%     63.49% |       88739     12.27%     75.76% |       84856     11.73%     87.49% |       90496     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       723404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        4157     12.57%     12.57% |        4295     12.99%     25.56% |        4118     12.45%     38.01% |        4234     12.80%     50.82% |        4077     12.33%     63.15% |        4136     12.51%     75.65% |        3966     11.99%     87.65% |        4085     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        33068                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |         100     13.00%     13.00% |          88     11.44%     24.45% |          97     12.61%     37.06% |          78     10.14%     47.20% |          96     12.48%     59.69% |         101     13.13%     72.82% |         100     13.00%     85.83% |         109     14.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |        5609     12.85%     12.85% |        5486     12.57%     25.41% |        5455     12.49%     37.91% |        5433     12.44%     50.35% |        5412     12.40%     62.75% |        5416     12.41%     75.15% |        5420     12.41%     87.57% |        5428     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total        43659                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        4510     12.93%     12.93% |        4501     12.90%     25.83% |        4326     12.40%     38.23% |        4424     12.68%     50.92% |        4285     12.28%     63.20% |        4349     12.47%     75.67% |        4179     11.98%     87.65% |        4308     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total        34882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          35     13.83%     13.83% |          31     12.25%     26.09% |          31     12.25%     38.34% |          23      9.09%     47.43% |          32     12.65%     60.08% |          30     11.86%     71.94% |          30     11.86%     83.79% |          41     16.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          253                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      104986     14.51%     14.51% |       88518     12.23%     26.74% |       91260     12.61%     39.36% |       88766     12.27%     51.62% |       85931     11.88%     63.50% |       88740     12.26%     75.76% |       84859     11.73%     87.49% |       90499     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       723559                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         506     24.21%     24.21% |         236     11.29%     35.50% |         222     10.62%     46.12% |         224     10.72%     56.84% |         224     10.72%     67.56% |         224     10.72%     78.28% |         226     10.81%     89.09% |         228     10.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         2090                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         354     12.24%     12.24% |         373     12.90%     25.14% |         378     13.07%     38.21% |         356     12.31%     50.52% |         340     11.76%     62.28% |         350     12.10%     74.38% |         367     12.69%     87.07% |         374     12.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         2892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        1114     12.94%     12.94% |        1104     12.83%     25.77% |        1072     12.46%     38.23% |        1069     12.42%     50.65% |        1086     12.62%     63.27% |        1061     12.33%     75.60% |        1048     12.18%     87.78% |        1052     12.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total         8606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4141     12.88%     12.88% |        4009     12.47%     25.34% |        4005     12.45%     37.79% |        4008     12.46%     50.26% |        3986     12.39%     62.65% |        4005     12.45%     75.10% |        4005     12.45%     87.56% |        4002     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        32161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       59153      7.94%      7.94% |       55060      7.39%     15.34% |       52362      7.03%     22.37% |      152673     20.50%     42.87% |      150325     20.19%     63.06% |      158355     21.27%     84.33% |       63051      8.47%     92.79% |       53667      7.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       744646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.68%      1.68% |          79     66.39%     68.07% |          27     22.69%     90.76% |           1      0.84%     91.60% |           3      2.52%     94.12% |           6      5.04%     99.16% |           1      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          33     14.04%     14.04% |          29     12.34%     26.38% |          30     12.77%     39.15% |          21      8.94%     48.09% |          28     11.91%     60.00% |          29     12.34%     72.34% |          27     11.49%     83.83% |          38     16.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           3     30.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       66286     15.66%     15.66% |       51623     12.20%     27.85% |       52737     12.46%     40.31% |       51561     12.18%     52.49% |       49619     11.72%     64.22% |       49640     11.73%     75.94% |       48006     11.34%     87.28% |       53830     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       423302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       33445     12.89%     12.89% |       31782     12.25%     25.14% |       33446     12.89%     38.03% |       32128     12.38%     50.41% |       31240     12.04%     62.45% |       34034     13.12%     75.56% |       31800     12.25%     87.82% |       31615     12.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       259490                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4157     12.57%     12.57% |        4295     12.99%     25.56% |        4118     12.45%     38.01% |        4234     12.80%     50.82% |        4077     12.33%     63.15% |        4136     12.51%     75.65% |        3966     11.99%     87.65% |        4085     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        33068                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          67     12.55%     12.55% |          59     11.05%     23.60% |          67     12.55%     36.14% |          57     10.67%     46.82% |          68     12.73%     59.55% |          72     13.48%     73.03% |          73     13.67%     86.70% |          71     13.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         116     13.00%     13.00% |         116     13.00%     26.01% |         110     12.33%     38.34% |         110     12.33%     50.67% |         108     12.11%     62.78% |         111     12.44%     75.22% |         110     12.33%     87.56% |         111     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      104849     14.49%     14.49% |       88515     12.24%     26.73% |       91258     12.62%     39.34% |       88764     12.27%     51.62% |       85927     11.88%     63.49% |       88739     12.27%     75.76% |       84856     11.73%     87.49% |       90496     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       723404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         137     89.54%     89.54% |           2      1.31%     90.85% |           1      0.65%     91.50% |           2      1.31%     92.81% |           4      2.61%     95.42% |           1      0.65%     96.08% |           3      1.96%     98.04% |           3      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        4510     12.93%     12.93% |        4501     12.90%     25.83% |        4326     12.40%     38.23% |        4424     12.68%     50.92% |        4285     12.28%     63.20% |        4349     12.47%     75.67% |        4179     11.98%     87.65% |        4308     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total        34882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         116     13.00%     13.00% |         116     13.00%     26.01% |         110     12.33%     38.34% |         110     12.33%     50.67% |         108     12.11%     62.78% |         111     12.44%     75.22% |         110     12.33%     87.56% |         111     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           2     11.11%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           4     22.22%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           3     16.67%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         137     89.54%     89.54% |           2      1.31%     90.85% |           1      0.65%     91.50% |           2      1.31%     92.81% |           4      2.61%     95.42% |           1      0.65%     96.08% |           3      1.96%     98.04% |           3      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          33     14.04%     14.04% |          29     12.34%     26.38% |          30     12.77%     39.15% |          21      8.94%     48.09% |          28     11.91%     60.00% |          29     12.34%     72.34% |          27     11.49%     83.83% |          38     16.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        1114     12.94%     12.94% |        1104     12.83%     25.77% |        1072     12.46%     38.23% |        1069     12.42%     50.65% |        1086     12.62%     63.27% |        1061     12.33%     75.60% |        1048     12.18%     87.78% |        1052     12.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total         8606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         354     12.24%     12.24% |         373     12.90%     25.14% |         378     13.07%     38.21% |         356     12.31%     50.52% |         340     11.76%     62.28% |         350     12.10%     74.38% |         367     12.69%     87.07% |         374     12.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         2892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4141     12.88%     12.88% |        4009     12.47%     25.34% |        4005     12.45%     37.79% |        4008     12.46%     50.26% |        3986     12.39%     62.65% |        4005     12.45%     75.10% |        4005     12.45%     87.56% |        4002     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        32161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      104986     14.51%     14.51% |       88518     12.23%     26.74% |       91260     12.61%     39.36% |       88766     12.27%     51.62% |       85931     11.88%     63.50% |       88740     12.26%     75.76% |       84859     11.73%     87.49% |       90499     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       723559                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
