
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.340220                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                340219853500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5579807611500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1101069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2027884                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1248685432                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1606392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   272.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     552522242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         3008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         655552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        4082688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            4744640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       655552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        655552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4304384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4304384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           10243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           63792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               74135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         67256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              67256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         8841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker         9970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1926848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          12000146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              13945806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1926848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1926848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12651772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12651772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12651772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         8841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         9970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1926848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         12000146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             26597578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       74135                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      67256                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     74135                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    67256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4711552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   33088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4303936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 4744640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4304384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    517                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              5409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              5446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              4502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              4677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              4578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              4091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              4716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              4456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              4053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             4221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             5692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             4265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        63                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  326605884000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 74135                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                67256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   72702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   4498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   4793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        29690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    303.666959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.831132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   326.778595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11477     38.66%     38.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6970     23.48%     62.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2944      9.92%     72.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1732      5.83%     77.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1167      3.93%     81.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          836      2.82%     84.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          608      2.05%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          522      1.76%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3434     11.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        29690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.951839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.560484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             571     18.58%     18.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             59      1.92%     20.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           951     30.95%     51.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           735     23.92%     75.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           370     12.04%     87.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           171      5.56%     92.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            84      2.73%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            57      1.85%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            29      0.94%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            21      0.68%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            11      0.36%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             3      0.10%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      0.10%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.883827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     19.186015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     18.735007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          2544     82.79%     82.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            68      2.21%     85.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27            39      1.27%     86.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            54      1.76%     88.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           162      5.27%     93.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             5      0.16%     93.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            17      0.55%     94.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            10      0.33%     94.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            10      0.33%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.03%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             3      0.10%     94.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             5      0.16%     94.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            94      3.06%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             2      0.07%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             5      0.16%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             6      0.20%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             2      0.07%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             1      0.03%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             3      0.10%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.10%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            4      0.13%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.07%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.07%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            3      0.10%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.03%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.10%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            3      0.10%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.03%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            1      0.03%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.03%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::156-159            1      0.03%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.03%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::164-167            1      0.03%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.03%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::172-175            2      0.07%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            2      0.07%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.03%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            3      0.10%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            4      0.13%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::196-199            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2684682250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4065019750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  368090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     36467.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55217.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        13.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     13.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    58385                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   52793                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2309948.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                619587780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                329318715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2120908440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1528400340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         13860746640.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          12174157470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            856986240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     30644379900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     18272738400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1307090644875                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1387503749880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            248.665159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         296721987250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    495714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1776708000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 299403074500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16330886500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3795655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18581943500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                646698360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                343728330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2182919340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1541006640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         13869351600.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          12046100130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            845538720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     31157514990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     18019403040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1307049679455                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1387706737755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            248.701538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         320534834750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    469364250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1804352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 298517350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16565841500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3813416750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19049638250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   39793270                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   22491240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        21062                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4901                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  219976667                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15341                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 80                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           40                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    809889355.400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   977242417.573640                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           40    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        16000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2247917220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             40                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   312848328284                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  32395574216                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       680439707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  159255790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    283690566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            251403316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              42338933                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4807976                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     20494710                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   251403316                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     42338933                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          504800202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         195112146                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            68673173                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           37974885                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           158082918                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           82928758                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     62198134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   39709441                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  22488693                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              64791148.431810                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              615648558.568190                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.904780                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.095220                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         27935535                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               626988      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                195468767     68.90%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  150364      0.05%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   569049      0.20%     69.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               24684606      8.70%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                32321422     11.39%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               19297979      6.80%     96.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            7387938      2.60%     98.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           3190714      1.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 283697827                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           724915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.998881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           61580626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           725939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            84.828926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.998881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        125235329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       125235329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     39313000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       39313000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     22185945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22185945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        17272                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        17272                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     61498945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        61498945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     61516217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       61516217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       335202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       335202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       297644                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       297644                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       106140                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       106140                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       632846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        632846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       738986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       738986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6303816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6303816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7280935422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7280935422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13584751422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13584751422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13584751422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13584751422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     39648202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39648202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     22483589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22483589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123412                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       123412                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     62131791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     62131791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     62255203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     62255203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860046                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860046                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18806.021444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18806.021444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24461.892133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24461.892133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21466.125127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21466.125127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18382.961818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18382.961818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              326                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.282209                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       583686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           583686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       335102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       335102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       296979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       296979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       105117                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       105117                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       632081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       632081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       737198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       737198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         2946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         5513                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         5513                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5938304500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5938304500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6919673922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6919673922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1795108500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795108500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12857978422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12857978422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14653086922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14653086922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    539878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    539878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    539878000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    539878000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.851757                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851757                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17720.886476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17720.886476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23300.212884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23300.212884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17077.242501                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17077.242501                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20342.295405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20342.295405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19876.731790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19876.731790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 210314.764316                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210314.764316                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 97928.169781                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 97928.169781                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        46406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.608322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        48635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        46422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.047671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    15.608322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.975520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       256863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       256863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        48504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        48504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        48504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        48504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        48504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        48504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        53285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        53285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        53285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        53285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        53285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        53285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    568371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    568371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    568371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    568371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    568371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    568371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       101789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       101789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       101789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       101789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       101789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.523485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.523485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.523485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.523485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.523485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.523485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10666.632260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10666.632260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10666.632260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10666.632260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 10666.632260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10666.632260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        12543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        12543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        53285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        53285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        53285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    515086500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515086500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    515086500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515086500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    515086500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515086500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.523485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.523485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.523485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9666.632260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9666.632260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9666.632260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9666.632260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker  9666.632260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9666.632260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           786798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          219333961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           787310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           278.586530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        440709450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       440709450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    219174528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      219174528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    219174528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       219174528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    219174528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      219174528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       786798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       786798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       786798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        786798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       786798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       786798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11460497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11460497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11460497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11460497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11460497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11460497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    219961326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    219961326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    219961326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    219961326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    219961326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    219961326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14565.996609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14565.996609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14565.996609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14565.996609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14565.996609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14565.996609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       786798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           786798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       786798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       786798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       786798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       786798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       786798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       786798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10673699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10673699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10673699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10673699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10673699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10673699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13565.996609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13565.996609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13565.996609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13565.996609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13565.996609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13565.996609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        22155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.398231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        34122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        22171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.539037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    15.398231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.962389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       150103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       150103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        33662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        33662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        33662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        33662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        33662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        33662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        27593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        27593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        27593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    281886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    281886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    281886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    281886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    281886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    281886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        61255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        61255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        61255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        61255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        61255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        61255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.450461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.450461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.450461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.450461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.450461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.450461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10215.851846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10215.851846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10215.851846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10215.851846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10215.851846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10215.851846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        27593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    254293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    254293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    254293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.450461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.450461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.450461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9215.851846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9215.851846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9215.851846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9215.851846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker  9215.851846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9215.851846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2753                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2753                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               29115                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              29115                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               258                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              258                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         3864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        10340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        53396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        53396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   64252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         1932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1698256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      1698256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1705262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               565620                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              5721000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               237000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             3129500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           137516551                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             7737000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            26884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              258000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                26681                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.969466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                26697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.969466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.998092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               240282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              240282                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        26512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             26698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26698                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            26698                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     21985364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21985364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3171223187                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   3171223187                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3193208551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3193208551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3193208551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3193208551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           26698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          26698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118200.881720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118200.881720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 119614.634392                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119614.634392                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 119604.785040                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119604.785040                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 119604.785040                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119604.785040                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           111                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           26495                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                26495                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26512                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        26512                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12685364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12685364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   1844080181                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1844080181                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   1856765545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1856765545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   1856765545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1856765545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68200.881720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68200.881720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 69556.434105                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69556.434105                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 69546.990224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69546.990224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 69546.990224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69546.990224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     73480                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32720.492783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4355411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    106248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     40.992875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      162.661938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     8.458091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     7.681576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      5197.275189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     27344.415990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.158608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.834485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24849398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24849398                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       599533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           599533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       786774                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           786774                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             8179                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 8179                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            242735                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                242735                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         776555                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             776555                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        36066                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        16605                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        412492                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            465163                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          36066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          16605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               776555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               655227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1484453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         36066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         16605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              776555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              655227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1484453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             50                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 50                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           41959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               41959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        10243                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            10243                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        22390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           22490                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              10243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              64349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  74692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             10243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             64349                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 74692                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2317500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2317500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3812974500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3812974500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1318192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1318192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7552500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     10129500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2721000500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2738682500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     10129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1318192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6533975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7869849500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     10129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1318192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6533975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7869849500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       599533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       599533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       786774                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       786774                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         8229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             8229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        284694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            284694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       786798                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         786798                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        16658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       434882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        487653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        16658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           786798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           719576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1559145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        16658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          786798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          719576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1559145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006076                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.006076                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.147383                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.147383                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013019                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.013019                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001301                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003182                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046119                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.013019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.089426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.047906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.089426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.047906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        46350                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        46350                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90873.817298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90873.817298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128692.033584                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128692.033584                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 160691.489362                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 191122.641509                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 121527.489951                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121773.343708                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 160691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 191122.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128692.033584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101539.650966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105364.021582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 160691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 191122.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128692.033584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101539.650966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105364.021582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                40761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     40761                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            50                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        41959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          41959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10243                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        10243                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22390                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        22490                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         10243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         64349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             74692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        64349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            74692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         2946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         5513                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         5513                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1817500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1817500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3393384500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3393384500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1215762500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1215762500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7082500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      9599500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2497100500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2513782500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7082500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      9599500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1215762500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5890485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7122929500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      7082500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      9599500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1215762500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5890485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7122929500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    507790500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    507790500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    507790500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    507790500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006076                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006076                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.147383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        36350                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36350                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80873.817298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80873.817298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118692.033584                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118692.033584                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 150691.489362                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 181122.641509                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111527.489951                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111773.343708                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 150691.489362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 181122.641509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118692.033584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91539.650966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95364.021582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 150691.489362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 181122.641509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118692.033584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91539.650966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95364.021582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 197814.764316                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 197814.764316                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 92107.836024                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 92107.836024                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        205705                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       105460                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          651                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               2946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              2946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        67256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            32900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             41852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            41852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         32919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         26512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        53379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        53379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio          686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       226398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       237424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 291319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         1032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1695680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1695680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         1372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7353344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      7360690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9057402                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             5751                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      40704                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            111257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.015334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.122877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  109551     98.47%     98.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    1706      1.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              111257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             9087500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy              784500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              567380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer17.occupancy          473593592                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer17.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             309380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            2084380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          403196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          386                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1696768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          477                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3185148                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1560978                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       112129                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            928                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          800                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          128                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5579807611500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               2567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1310645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              2946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             2946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       640294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       786798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          226662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           12275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           284704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          284704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        786798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       521283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2360394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2201135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        66406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       135804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4763739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    100710144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     83427826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1277568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3113984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              188529522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          112410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   4761472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1685106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.070474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.309700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1591968     94.47%     94.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  67519      4.01%     98.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  25619      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1685106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2983134500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           346862                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1180197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1097563497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          41389500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          79927500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
