
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.224914                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4224913917000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9594303630000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 535822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   974225                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1027283716                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2079236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4112.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2203675649                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4006700685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41707584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          41707584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42120384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       42120384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       651681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             651681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       658131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            658131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9871819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              9871819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9969525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             9969525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19841343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            19841343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     651681                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    658131                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   651681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  658131                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              33677248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                8030336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               37857152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               41707584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            42120384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                125474                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                66603                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            39061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            31841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            43081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            47513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            47040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            37817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            32245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            32554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            22405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           22035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           34601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           34621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           34531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            42921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            34737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            48932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            53686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            52714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            44934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            36397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            37533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            25076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            24016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           27937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           21610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           37616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           38432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           41658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4224913799500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               651681                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              658131                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 526201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  4025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  4198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 35809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 36364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 36438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 36473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 36466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 36501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 36559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 36593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 36648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 36594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 36638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 36480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 36402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 36332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 36292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 36286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       573938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   124.638856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.042253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.810543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       363000     63.25%     63.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       138061     24.06%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42634      7.43%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17017      2.96%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6581      1.15%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2834      0.49%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1756      0.31%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1113      0.19%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          942      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       573938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.510713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.045640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0               55      0.15%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1               53      0.15%      0.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2               29      0.08%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3               31      0.09%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4               20      0.06%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5               15      0.04%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6               25      0.07%      0.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7               64      0.18%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8              139      0.38%      1.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9              280      0.77%      1.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10             663      1.83%      3.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11            1254      3.46%      7.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12            2364      6.52%     13.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13            3827     10.55%     24.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14            5768     15.91%     40.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15            6673     18.40%     58.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16           13168     36.31%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17            1554      4.29%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18             237      0.65%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19              34      0.09%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20               8      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        36263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.311888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.269744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.525513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        32169     88.71%     88.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         3882     10.71%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           42      0.12%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.02%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      0.05%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           11      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           27      0.07%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           19      0.05%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           25      0.07%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.02%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           13      0.04%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.03%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           12      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        36263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 56489975000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            66356356250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2631035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   107353.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              126103.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        7.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     9.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     9.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  210009                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 333783                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                39.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               56.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3225587.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3774932280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2006420295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3675079380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3001228560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        146183519040.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         65772606090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          8509807200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   369750186090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   197089237920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1972443033900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2772242775255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           288.946742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        4094543270000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15633415500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  51936604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3018722038500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 454003879000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  62800523750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 621818282500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2590177800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1376704560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2490689040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2008640340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        141007020960.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         69512374380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          7860199680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   314531027970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   209173210560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1993729884390                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2744324380890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           286.036849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        4094525898250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13704792750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  49552296000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3099379526250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 462871381250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  67130685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 532278684250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     36387520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          36387520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     36805952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       36805952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       568555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             568555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       575093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            575093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      8612606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              8612606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      8711645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             8711645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     17324252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            17324252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     568555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    575093                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   568555                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  575093                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              31018240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                5369280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               34109120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               36387520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            36805952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 83895                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                42128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            31983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            31311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            37565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            46280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            43598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            33964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            29531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            28534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            19349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            21553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           22829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           21294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           33573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           32112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           30944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            34324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            34191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            41529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            51362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            47218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            39795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            32557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            31203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            23342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           27610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           22672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           21501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           37038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           34399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           33684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4224913524000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               568555                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              575093                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 484660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  3125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  3270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 32637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 32887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 32919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 32932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 32965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 32947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 32957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 32992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 33039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 32967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 32946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 32890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 32833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 32784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 32747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 32744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       502499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.608600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.478577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   127.205669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       310274     61.75%     61.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       122718     24.42%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        39381      7.84%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16539      3.29%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6633      1.32%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2824      0.56%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1802      0.36%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1231      0.24%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1097      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       502499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.807577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.957008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0               63      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1               71      0.22%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2               26      0.08%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3               16      0.05%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4               10      0.03%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5               13      0.04%      0.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6               25      0.08%      0.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7               58      0.18%      0.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8              101      0.31%      1.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9              210      0.64%      1.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10             362      1.11%      2.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11             696      2.13%      5.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12            1502      4.59%      9.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13            2692      8.22%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14            4546     13.89%     31.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15            5887     17.99%     49.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16           15056     46.00%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17            1188      3.63%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18             176      0.54%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19              27      0.08%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20               3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22               2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.283379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.239565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.634240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        29570     90.35%     90.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         2972      9.08%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           11      0.03%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           11      0.03%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.05%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           23      0.07%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           21      0.06%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           20      0.06%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           29      0.09%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.00%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 54176050000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            63263425000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                2423300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   111781.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              130531.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        7.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        8.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     8.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     8.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  199161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 315955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                41.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               59.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3694242.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   50.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3433483200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1824935805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3402552720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2728259100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        142004581680.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         62021219490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          8369704800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   358866390630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   192722530080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1982267998605                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2757675834510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           287.428451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        4101683617000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15467616000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  50170666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3061611980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 441175650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  57592073500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 598896012500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2343240900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1245458280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2301336240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1837998540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        137112661920.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         65719927830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          7694423520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   301733940300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   206459441760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2003845740480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2730340305960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           284.579309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        4102307254500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13378980750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  47841262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3140814699250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 448823464500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  61385038250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 512670663250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     36649920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          36649920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     37068352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       37068352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       572655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             572655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       579193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            579193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8674714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              8674714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8773753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             8773753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     17448467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            17448467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     572655                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    579193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   572655                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  579193                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              31386112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                5263808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               34662720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               36649920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            37068352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 82247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                37598                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            31362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            32064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            38607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            46954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            41932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            37101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            26957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            27723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            19805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            21612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           21881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           22822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           33126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           32420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           31633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            34284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            37128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            42981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            52764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            45357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            44486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            29595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            30242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            21017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            24072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           27168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           23091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           35374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           35055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           34725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4224911994000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               572655                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              579193                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 490408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  3285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  3421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 33113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 33398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 33431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 33428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 33457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 33466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 33481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 33518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 33551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 33435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 33413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 33398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 33410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 33322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 33285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 33273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       510386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.409819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.302009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   127.212581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       316346     61.98%     61.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       123401     24.18%     86.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40256      7.89%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16349      3.20%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7020      1.38%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2863      0.56%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1749      0.34%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1263      0.25%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1139      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       510386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.751098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.964134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0               67      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1               59      0.18%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2               31      0.09%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3               15      0.05%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4               13      0.04%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5                8      0.02%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6               24      0.07%      0.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7               52      0.16%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8              104      0.31%      1.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9              193      0.58%      1.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10             412      1.24%      2.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11             837      2.52%      5.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12            1652      4.97%     10.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13            2884      8.67%     19.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14            4807     14.46%     33.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15            5938     17.86%     51.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16           14709     44.24%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17            1240      3.73%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18             179      0.54%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19              19      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        33246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.290832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.246317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.590040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        29922     90.00%     90.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         3134      9.43%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      0.02%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      0.02%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.05%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           26      0.08%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.06%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           17      0.05%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           28      0.08%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.02%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           12      0.04%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.00%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            9      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        33246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 54829299000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            64024449000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                2452040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   111803.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              130553.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        7.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        8.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     8.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     8.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  201057                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 320570                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                41.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               59.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   3667942.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   50.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              3402738360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1808594535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3255175980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2641173840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        141668988240.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         61935261780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          8320955040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy   356579192670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy   193519347360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1982973619035                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2756136725610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           287.268032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        4100872236000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15255581000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  50042912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3064356219000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 440898131250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  58740153750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 595620944750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              2375435160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1262573730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2290254960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1824974640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        138590256480.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         66100315620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          7698965760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy   309222254310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy   207358006560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1999070253315                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2735835708765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           285.152087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        4099673688250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13565709000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  48605264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3121739232750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 454051430500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  63069380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 523883253250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     37076928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          37076928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     37495360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       37495360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       579327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             579327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       585865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            585865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      8775783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              8775783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      8874822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             8874822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     17650605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            17650605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     579327                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    585865                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   579327                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  585865                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              30850240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                6226688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               33982976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               37076928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            37495360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 97292                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                54883                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            32315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            29691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            39971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            44912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            41302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            33941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            29625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            28853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            18190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            21496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           22160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           32406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           32169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           30987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            35259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            33222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            44874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            50088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            44727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            40373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            33260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            31505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            23742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           26074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           22064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           34503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           34810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           33595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4224912514000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               579327                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              585865                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 482035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  3118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  3225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 32480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 32716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 32703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 32731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 32754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 32779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 32839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 32851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 32911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 32802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 32809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 32797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 32789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 32701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 32652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 32633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       494784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.032855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.219553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   129.035007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       303204     61.28%     61.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       121709     24.60%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        39182      7.92%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16383      3.31%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7219      1.46%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2915      0.59%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1741      0.35%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1265      0.26%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1166      0.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       494784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.784566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.987576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0               49      0.15%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1               74      0.23%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2               38      0.12%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3               14      0.04%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4               13      0.04%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5               22      0.07%      0.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6               28      0.09%      0.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7               62      0.19%      0.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8               97      0.30%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9              215      0.66%      1.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10             399      1.22%      3.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11             797      2.44%      5.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12            1614      4.95%     10.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13            2671      8.19%     18.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14            4274     13.11%     31.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15            5614     17.22%     49.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16           15321     46.99%     96.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17            1127      3.46%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18             153      0.47%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19              14      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20               8      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.285854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.238838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.723662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        29446     90.31%     90.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         2982      9.15%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           17      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.02%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           14      0.04%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           14      0.04%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           16      0.05%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           21      0.06%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           23      0.07%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.04%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            4      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 54254788500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            63292944750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2410175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   112553.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              131303.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        7.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        8.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     8.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     8.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  201147                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 317086                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                41.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               59.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   3625936.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   51.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              3300300780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1754151465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             3352158600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2708840700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        140697857040.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         63239617290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          8300277120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy   350807543100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy   192492559680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1985997118170                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2752686244935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           286.908393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        4101817398250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15260703250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49662304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3075338847500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 437463670250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  58173208250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 589015592250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              2349367020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1248703005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2434404420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1928889180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        137613593520.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         66247498170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          7675275840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy   306655371600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy   204893175840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2001855186360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2732943656565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           284.850653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        4101252346250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13476199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  48177186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3133847193000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 451428955500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  62007248250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 515977930250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     36870016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total          36870016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4     37288448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total       37288448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4       576094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total             576094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4       582632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total            582632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      8726809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              8726809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      8825848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             8825848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     17552657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            17552657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                     576094                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                    582632                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                   576094                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                  582632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM              30570496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                6299520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten               33525120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys               36870016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            37288448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                 98430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                58815                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            31429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            26935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            39467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            45286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            43576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            32680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            29417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            29294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8            19015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9            21023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10           21306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11           20020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12           22237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13           33477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14           32407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15           30095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            34205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            29155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            43691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            50435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            46936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            38872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            33277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            32375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8            20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9            22765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10           23912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11           21110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12           23587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13           35670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14           34892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15           32763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 4224913680000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6               576094                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6              582632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                 477664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                  2958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                  3059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                 32032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                 32276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                 32315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                 32332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                 32348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                 32388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                 32404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                 32415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                 32439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                 32366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                 32341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                 32343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                 32349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                 32261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                 32215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                 32208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       486231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.821459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.590681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.339880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127       296738     61.03%     61.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255       119991     24.68%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383        38785      7.98%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16205      3.33%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7255      1.49%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3013      0.62%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1792      0.37%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1227      0.25%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1225      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       486231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.847600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.925243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0               46      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::1               77      0.24%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::2               30      0.09%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3               18      0.06%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4               10      0.03%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5               22      0.07%      0.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6               25      0.08%      0.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7               51      0.16%      0.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8               76      0.24%      1.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9              174      0.54%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10             324      1.01%      2.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11             727      2.26%      4.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12            1308      4.07%      8.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13            2662      8.27%     17.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14            4331     13.46%     30.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15            5699     17.71%     48.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16           15287     47.52%     95.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17            1124      3.49%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18             154      0.48%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19              18      0.06%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20               7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total        32172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.282171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.232586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.856836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        29191     90.73%     90.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         2801      8.71%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           18      0.06%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.02%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           11      0.03%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           24      0.07%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.06%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           15      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           19      0.06%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::124-125            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total        32172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                 54280132750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat            63236332750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                2388320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                   113636.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              132386.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        7.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        7.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     8.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     8.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                  199605                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                 315659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                41.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               60.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   3646171.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   51.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy              3238796820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy              1721457540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy             3211871880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy            2592027540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        140747642880.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy         62511869790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy          8347663200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy   350466302340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy   193087517760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1986257298705                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          2752217130165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           286.859499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        4100928152750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15380796250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49668038000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3076093168250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 438036780500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  58938499500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 586798914500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy              2320271520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy              1233245970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy             2318400840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy            1842231960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        137371425360.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy         64577987550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy          7679484960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy   304110476070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy   206504960160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2003213895015                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          2731217429055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           284.670731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        4103162334500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13455305250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF  48080764000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3137471141000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 452731102500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  60213489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 512962588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     37034048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total          37034048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5     37452480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total       37452480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5       578657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total             578657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5       585195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total            585195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      8765634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              8765634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      8864673                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             8864673                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     17630307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            17630307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                     578657                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                    585195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                   578657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                  585195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM              30611136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                6422912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten               33789632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys               37034048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            37452480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                100358                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                57235                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            30764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            26904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            39945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            42580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            44027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            34031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            29743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            29663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8            18903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            21652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10           21436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11           20979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12           20906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13           33370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14           32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15           30896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            33701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            29640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            44379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            47024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            47956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            40737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            33757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            32705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8            19991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            23455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10           24360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11           22790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12           22423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13           35578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14           35299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15           34168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 4224915600000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6               578657                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6              585195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                 478299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                  3305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                  3430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                 32270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                 32549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                 32553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                 32550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                 32558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                 32637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                 32627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                 32686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                 32736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                 32633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                 32633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                 32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                 32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                 32472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                 32428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                 32426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       488589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.809959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.480495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.327693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127       299934     61.39%     61.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255       118170     24.19%     85.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383        39608      8.11%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16334      3.34%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7398      1.51%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2929      0.60%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1734      0.35%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1242      0.25%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1240      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       488589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.766509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.998711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0               67      0.21%      0.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::1               61      0.19%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::2               35      0.11%      0.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::3               12      0.04%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4               15      0.05%      0.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5               15      0.05%      0.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6               27      0.08%      0.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7               69      0.21%      0.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8               96      0.30%      1.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9              185      0.57%      1.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10             402      1.24%      3.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11             833      2.57%      5.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12            1688      5.21%     10.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13            2682      8.28%     19.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14            4284     13.23%     32.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15            5690     17.57%     49.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16           14848     45.84%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17            1188      3.67%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18             167      0.52%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::19              23      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total        32391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.299682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.254501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.626065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        29048     89.68%     89.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         3146      9.71%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           13      0.04%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.02%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           24      0.07%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           19      0.06%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      0.10%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           22      0.07%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           24      0.07%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            8      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total        32391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                 54031414000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat            62999520250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                2391495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                   112965.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              131715.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        7.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        8.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     8.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     8.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                  199434                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                 318239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                41.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               60.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   3630114.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   51.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy              3205924260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy              1703981565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy             3239389440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy            2614468320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        140565709440.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy         61528111920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy          8387717760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy   350924517930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy   193674744480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1985929376820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          2751806050395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           286.816652                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        4102394642500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15533046750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49603424000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3076004843250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 438206942250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  57382378250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 588183477500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy              2297423520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy              1221101970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy             2297980440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy            1819154340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        137246653440.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy         65279964210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy          7702770240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy   303232761570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy   205944816480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2003657534160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          2730745258440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           284.621517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        4100902782000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13525560250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF  47996574000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3139802990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 452138541000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  62492620250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 508961251000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     35671872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total          35671872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6     36090304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       36090304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6       557373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total             557373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6       563911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total            563911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      8443219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              8443219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      8542258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             8542258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     16985476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            16985476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                     557373                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                    563911                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                   557373                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                  563911                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM              30703936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                4967936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten               33666176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys               35671872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            36090304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                 77624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                37871                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            32619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            27844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            40228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            44583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            44711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            34642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            29069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            27885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8            18793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9            23369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10           20858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11           20277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12           20480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13           31440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14           32813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15           30138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            35377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            30280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            45176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            49411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            48704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            41374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            31993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            30281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8            20046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            25521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10           22728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11           21654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12           21876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13           33336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14           35210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15           33067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 4224912140500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6               557373                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6              563911                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                 479749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                  2959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                  3062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                 32152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                 32414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                 32455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                 32456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                 32513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                 32513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                 32534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                 32570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                 32610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                 32547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                 32522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                 32510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                 32513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                 32414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                 32361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                 32345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       486708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.258093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.745585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.801358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127       297653     61.16%     61.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255       118471     24.34%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383        39678      8.15%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16130      3.31%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7557      1.55%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2928      0.60%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1849      0.38%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1241      0.25%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1201      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       486708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.848649                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.957721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0               46      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::1               70      0.22%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::2               38      0.12%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::3               16      0.05%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4               11      0.03%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::5               18      0.06%      0.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6               33      0.10%      0.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7               76      0.24%      0.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8              102      0.32%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9              175      0.54%      1.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10             370      1.15%      2.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11             733      2.27%      5.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12            1529      4.73%      9.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13            2417      7.48%     17.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14            3771     11.67%     29.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15            5911     18.30%     47.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16           15749     48.74%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17            1087      3.36%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18             143      0.44%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19              12      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total        32309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.281346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.232313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.843131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        29307     90.71%     90.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         2824      8.74%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           16      0.05%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           11      0.03%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           11      0.03%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           24      0.07%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           18      0.06%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total        32309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                 53787313500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat            62782607250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                2398745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                   112115.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              130865.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        7.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        7.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     8.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     8.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                  202260                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                 316818                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                42.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               60.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   3767923.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   51.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy              3311817600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy              1760253825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy             3460158240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy            2775092940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        140254701600.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy         62147959560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy          8378194560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy   350733687060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy   192375013920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1986410693760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          2751640020465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           286.799347                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        4102703358500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15501505000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF  49451386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3079352164750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 436880276750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  57254657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 586474279750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy              2193636480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy              1165941645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy             2294624640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy            1802257200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        136437787200.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy         65651940510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy          7672003200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy   296154979230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy   206928067200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2006742336030                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          2727091534065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           284.240695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        4102600804500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13331645750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF  47610448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3149632905000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 448491945250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  61370532750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 504478063250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     36984704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total          36984704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7     37403136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total       37403136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7       577886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total             577886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7       584424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total            584424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      8753954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              8753954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      8852994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             8852994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     17606948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            17606948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                     577886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                    584424                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                   577886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                  584424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM              31491584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                5493120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten               34720320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys               36984704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            37403136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                 85830                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                41918                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            36123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            33543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            41058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            45300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            44601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            34903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            29238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            27548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8            19141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9            22563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10           22908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11           20015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12           19718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13           31734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14           32492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15           31171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            39552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            38545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            45933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            50086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            48437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            41703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            32527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            30028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8            20174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9            24324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10           26176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11           21217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12           20943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13           34055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14           35046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15           33759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 4224913382500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6               577886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6              584424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                 492056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                  3218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                  3340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                 33159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                 33420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                 33425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                 33446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                 33471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                 33540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                 33503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                 33543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                 33574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                 33510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                 33511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                 33480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                 33451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                 33388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                 33350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                 33325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       509902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.852089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.671680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   127.211252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127       313845     61.55%     61.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255       125355     24.58%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40018      7.85%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16215      3.18%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7524      1.48%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2864      0.56%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1735      0.34%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1200      0.24%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1146      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       509902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.773411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.952930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0               58      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::1               68      0.20%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::2               33      0.10%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::3               16      0.05%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4               13      0.04%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5               21      0.06%      0.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6               21      0.06%      0.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7               43      0.13%      0.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8               86      0.26%      1.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9              218      0.65%      1.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10             390      1.17%      2.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11             808      2.43%      5.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12            1564      4.70%     10.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13            2856      8.57%     18.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14            4534     13.61%     32.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15            6379     19.15%     51.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16           14789     44.40%     95.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17            1258      3.78%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18             114      0.34%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19              28      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20               7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total        33307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.288018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.241720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.696975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        30048     90.22%     90.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         3075      9.23%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.03%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           10      0.03%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           12      0.04%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           28      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           16      0.05%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      0.05%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           25      0.08%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           14      0.04%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.03%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            5      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            3      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total        33307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                 54935520500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat            64161570500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                2460280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                   111644.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              130394.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        7.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        8.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     8.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     8.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                  204087                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                 320571                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                41.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               59.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   3634928.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   50.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy              3462750060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy              1840491510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy             3306426900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy            2679279840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        141750735360.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy         61670689440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy          8379992640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy   357123279330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy   192910357920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1983312041805                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          2756469512505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           287.302718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        4099840282250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15480890250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF  50112850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3064370950750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 440994914500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  59479278250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 594475205500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy              2169553260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy              1153144905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy             2156751240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy            1706464980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        138766043520.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy         65496335640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy          7854304320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy   297963695820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy   211727991840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2003741819115                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          2732786941860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           284.834319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        4100668028500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13678302000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF  48522202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3130595100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 458371289500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  62039774750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 511707464500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  552271361                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  144122787                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       146775                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        60847                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 2871740029                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 20                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1222766470.600000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   877803441.941684                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       370001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2552183500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4251530767894                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12227664706                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8449827834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 2061578110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   3734612071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           2953328201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1038784101                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   18217636                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    259833231                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  2953328201                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1038784101                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         5607924047                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        2261084323                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1256341061                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          983764833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1567194262                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1163080284                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    690977501                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  546914016                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 144063485                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24455329.411994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8425372504.588006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.997106                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.002894                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        301397326                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              5652141      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               2377106848     63.65%     63.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4495026      0.12%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    84397      0.00%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              656308276     17.57%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               295169675      7.90%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              123209221      3.30%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead          251744318      6.74%     99.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite          20854264      0.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                3734624166                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6242                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6242                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9115                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9115                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1934                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1934                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         9128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        30714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   34582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         7736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         7736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        18256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port        11960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        38562                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    46298                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              7361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7204985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4473500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy            11842023                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2889427                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            23094000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3347456                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          896                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  1                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                   9                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                9324461                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.000030                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.013487                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     9324413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  9324461                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3568788639                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001464                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001016                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.038239                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3563562726     99.85%     99.85% |     5225913      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3568788639                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3568788639                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.361621                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.006597                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        16.987367                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3567882177     99.97%     99.97% |      211710      0.01%     99.98% |       40683      0.00%     99.98% |        2471      0.00%     99.98% |      614026      0.02%    100.00% |       37113      0.00%    100.00% |         448      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3568788639                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3564126499                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3564126499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3564126499                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4662140                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   277.814584                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   153.469516                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   379.960168                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3755678     80.56%     80.56% |      211710      4.54%     85.10% |       40683      0.87%     85.97% |        2471      0.05%     86.02% |      614026     13.17%     99.19% |       37113      0.80%     99.99% |         448      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      4662140                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.003142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000154                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5999.309617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.105412                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.048082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5999.483427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000150                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.005847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5999.877257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6003.619594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5999.596707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000059                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.102400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5999.790145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000147                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.031440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.011330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3564126499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      4662140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3568788639                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.035543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.422454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           267                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3000.035543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.003311                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  3495.761904                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.275872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4662321                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     37297120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2    335674080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    335674080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     37298568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.003142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000154                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5499.309617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.004359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.038604                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::2       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::2       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6807                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       651774                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::2      5212744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::2     46914696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46914696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5214192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5500.105412                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.021998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.033682                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::2       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::2       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::2      4548440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::2     40935960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     40935960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4548440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.048082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5499.483427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.036068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.033924                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      4581240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     41231160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41231160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4581240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.005847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5499.877257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.005548                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.034319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::2       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::2       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::2      4634616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::2     41711544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41711544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4634616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5503.619594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5499.596707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.034128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::2       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::2       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::4       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::2      4608752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::2     41478768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41478768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4608752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000059                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5500.102400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.090485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.034279                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::2       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::2       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::4       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::2      4629256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::2     41663304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41663304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4629256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5499.790145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.019977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.033020                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::2       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::2       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::4       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::2      4458984                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::2     40130856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     40130856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4458984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5500.031440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.034234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::2       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::2       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::4       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::2      4623088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::2     41607792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41607792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4623088                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.011330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.000317                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52573                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420584                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3995.761904                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time  1500.000048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1500.004359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1500.021998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  1500.036068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_stall_time  1500.005548                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_buf_msgs     0.000069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.000053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  1500.090485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_stall_time  1500.019977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  1500.000038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2500.035543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  5000.003142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000154                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4999.309617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  5000.000037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_stall_time  5000.105412                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_stall_time  5000.048082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  4999.483427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  5000.005847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4999.877257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_stall_time  5003.619594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_stall_time  4999.596707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_stall_time  5000.000059                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_stall_time  5000.102400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_stall_time  5000.000157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_stall_time  4999.790145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_stall_time  5000.000300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_stall_time  5000.031440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_stall_time  2500.011330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2000.035543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  4500.003142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000154                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  4499.309617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  4500.000037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  4500.105412                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  4500.048082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  4499.483427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  4500.005847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4499.877257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4503.619594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_stall_time  4499.596707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_stall_time  4500.000059                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  4500.102400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  4500.000157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_stall_time  4499.790145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_stall_time  4500.000300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_stall_time  4500.031440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_stall_time  2000.011330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.030688                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::2      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::2      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52573                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4662321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::2     37297120                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::2    335674080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    335674080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420584                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     37298568                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        13986420                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           13986420                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     13987227                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     14301594                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        111891360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1007022240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1007080344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    114412752                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9594303630000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.275873                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4662321                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    335674080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     37298568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.275872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     37297120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    335674080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038597                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6807                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      5212744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     46914696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038611                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       651774                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46914696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5214192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033682                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      4548440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     40935960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.033682                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     40935960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4548440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033924                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      4581240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     41231160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.033924                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41231160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4581240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      4634616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     41711544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41711544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4634616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      4608752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     41478768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41478768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4608752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034279                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      4629256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     41663304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034279                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41663304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4629256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033020                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      4458984                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     40130856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.033020                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     40130856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4458984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      4623088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     41607792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41607792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4623088                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000324                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000311                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52573                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420584                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.275873                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4662140                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4662321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    335674080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     37298568                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.link_utilization     0.038597                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Control::2       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Data::2       651593                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6807                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::2      5212744                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Data::2     46914696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54456                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.link_utilization     0.033682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Control::2       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Data::2       568555                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::2      4548440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Data::2     40935960                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.link_utilization     0.033924                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Control::2       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Data::2       572655                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::2      4581240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Data::2     41231160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.link_utilization     0.034319                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Control::2       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Data::2       579327                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::2      4634616                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Data::2     41711544                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.link_utilization     0.034128                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Control::2       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Data::2       576094                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::2      4608752                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Data::2     41478768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.link_utilization     0.034279                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Control::2       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Data::2       578657                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::2      4629256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Data::2     41663304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.link_utilization     0.033020                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Control::2       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Data::2       557373                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::2      4458984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Data::2     40130856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.link_utilization     0.034234                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Control::2       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Data::2       577886                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::2      4623088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Data::2     41607792                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.link_utilization     0.000324                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle17.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4662140                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4662140    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4662140                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       4662321                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000061                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.019073                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     4662273    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         4662321                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    526685223                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.738387                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.026482                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     39.573429                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   526012889     99.87%     99.87% |      108817      0.02%     99.89% |       21510      0.00%     99.90% |        1293      0.00%     99.90% |      509335      0.10%     99.99% |       31032      0.01%    100.00% |         338      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     526685223                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    524027115                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   524027115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    524027115                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2658108                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   345.449025                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   177.507748                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   438.470810                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1985774     74.71%     74.71% |      108817      4.09%     78.80% |       21510      0.81%     79.61% |        1293      0.05%     79.66% |      509335     19.16%     98.82% |       31032      1.17%     99.99% |         338      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2658108                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    140322704                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.611171                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.039440                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.370139                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   140176127     99.90%     99.90% |       62190      0.04%     99.94% |       11845      0.01%     99.95% |         701      0.00%     99.95% |       67470      0.05%    100.00% |        4276      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     140322704                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    139232057                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   139232057    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    139232057                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1090647                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   208.293368                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   145.009634                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   275.739940                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      944070     86.56%     86.56% |       62190      5.70%     92.26% |       11845      1.09%     93.35% |         701      0.06%     93.41% |       67470      6.19%     99.60% |        4276      0.39%     99.99% |          93      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1090647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2871722763                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.044818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001379                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.410980                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2871649535    100.00%    100.00% |       38808      0.00%    100.00% |        6971      0.00%    100.00% |         440      0.00%    100.00% |       25784      0.00%    100.00% |        1210      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2871722763                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2870872244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2870872244    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2870872244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       850519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   152.324926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.804823                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   206.886550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      777291     91.39%     91.39% |       38808      4.56%     95.95% |        6971      0.82%     96.77% |         440      0.05%     96.82% |       25784      3.03%     99.86% |        1210      0.14%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       850519                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     22596183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.315389                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.008274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.518605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    22592081     99.98%     99.98% |        1448      0.01%     99.99% |         259      0.00%     99.99% |          32      0.00%     99.99% |        2249      0.01%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     22596183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22556614                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22556614    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22556614                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39569                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   181.105386                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.522615                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   268.296468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       35467     89.63%     89.63% |        1448      3.66%     93.29% |         259      0.65%     93.95% |          32      0.08%     94.03% |        2249      5.68%     99.71% |         113      0.29%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3730883                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.497948                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.035375                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.380241                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     3720662     99.73%     99.73% |         447      0.01%     99.74% |          98      0.00%     99.74% |           5      0.00%     99.74% |        9188      0.25%     99.99% |         482      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3730883                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3707586                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3707586    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3707586                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23297                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   561.176546                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   261.702786                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   539.929014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13076     56.13%     56.13% |         447      1.92%     58.05% |          98      0.42%     58.47% |           5      0.02%     58.49% |        9188     39.44%     97.93% |         482      2.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        23297                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3730883                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3730883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      3730883                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3730883                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3730883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3730883                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4662140                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   277.814584                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   153.469516                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   379.960168                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3755678     80.56%     80.56% |      211710      4.54%     85.10% |       40683      0.87%     85.97% |        2471      0.05%     86.02% |      614026     13.17%     99.19% |       37113      0.80%     99.99% |         448      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2658108                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   345.449025                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   177.507748                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   438.470810                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1985774     74.71%     74.71% |      108817      4.09%     78.80% |       21510      0.81%     79.61% |        1293      0.05%     79.66% |      509335     19.16%     98.82% |       31032      1.17%     99.99% |         338      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2658108                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1090647                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   208.293368                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   145.009634                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   275.739940                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      944070     86.56%     86.56% |       62190      5.70%     92.26% |       11845      1.09%     93.35% |         701      0.06%     93.41% |       67470      6.19%     99.60% |        4276      0.39%     99.99% |          93      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1090647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       850519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   152.324926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.804823                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   206.886550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      777291     91.39%     91.39% |       38808      4.56%     95.95% |        6971      0.82%     96.77% |         440      0.05%     96.82% |       25784      3.03%     99.86% |        1210      0.14%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       850519                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39569                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   181.105386                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.522615                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   268.296468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       35467     89.63%     89.63% |        1448      3.66%     93.29% |         259      0.65%     93.95% |          32      0.08%     94.03% |        2249      5.68%     99.71% |         113      0.29%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        39569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23297                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   561.176546                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   261.702786                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   539.929014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       13076     56.13%     56.13% |         447      1.92%     58.05% |          98      0.42%     58.47% |           5      0.02%     58.49% |        9188     39.44%     97.93% |         482      2.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        23297                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      651593     13.98%     13.98% |      568555     12.20%     26.17% |      572655     12.28%     38.45% |      579327     12.43%     50.88% |      576094     12.36%     63.24% |      578657     12.41%     75.65% |      557373     11.96%     87.60% |      577886     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      651593     13.98%     13.98% |      568555     12.20%     26.17% |      572655     12.28%     38.45% |      579327     12.43%     50.88% |      576094     12.36%     63.24% |      578657     12.41%     75.65% |      557373     11.96%     87.60% |      577886     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6538     12.50%     12.50% |        6538     12.50%     25.00% |        6538     12.50%     37.50% |        6538     12.50%     50.00% |        6538     12.50%     62.50% |        6538     12.50%     75.00% |        6538     12.50%     87.50% |        6538     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        52304                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      651681     13.98%     13.98% |      568555     12.19%     26.17% |      572655     12.28%     38.46% |      579327     12.43%     50.88% |      576094     12.36%     63.24% |      578657     12.41%     75.65% |      557373     11.96%     87.60% |      577886     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      4662228                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      658131     13.96%     13.96% |      575093     12.20%     26.16% |      579193     12.29%     38.44% |      585865     12.43%     50.87% |      582632     12.36%     63.23% |      585195     12.41%     75.64% |      563911     11.96%     87.60% |      584424     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4714444                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      651593     13.98%     13.98% |      568555     12.20%     26.17% |      572655     12.28%     38.45% |      579327     12.43%     50.88% |      576094     12.36%     63.24% |      578657     12.41%     75.65% |      557373     11.96%     87.60% |      577886     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          88    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        6538     12.50%     12.50% |        6538     12.50%     25.00% |        6538     12.50%     37.50% |        6538     12.50%     50.00% |        6538     12.50%     62.50% |        6538     12.50%     75.00% |        6538     12.50%     87.50% |        6538     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        52304                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      651412     13.97%     13.97% |      568555     12.20%     26.17% |      572655     12.28%     38.45% |      579327     12.43%     50.88% |      576094     12.36%     63.24% |      578657     12.41%     75.65% |      557373     11.96%     87.60% |      577886     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      4661959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      651593     13.98%     13.98% |      568555     12.20%     26.17% |      572655     12.28%     38.45% |      579327     12.43%     50.88% |      576094     12.36%     63.24% |      578657     12.41%     75.65% |      557373     11.96%     87.60% |      577886     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      651412     13.97%     13.97% |      568555     12.20%     26.17% |      572655     12.28%     38.45% |      579327     12.43%     50.88% |      576094     12.36%     63.24% |      578657     12.41%     75.65% |      557373     11.96%     87.60% |      577886     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      4661959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          88    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        6538     12.50%     12.50% |        6538     12.50%     25.00% |        6538     12.50%     37.50% |        6538     12.50%     50.00% |        6538     12.50%     62.50% |        6538     12.50%     75.00% |        6538     12.50%     87.50% |        6538     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        52304                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          269                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        52304                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            269                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           52304                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          269                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        52304                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          269                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        52304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   526685223    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    526685223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744072286306304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072286306304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |   170380653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170380653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     4662140    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         362    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     4661959    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      4661959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     4662140    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2658108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      2658108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      850519    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       850519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |     1153513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1153513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   524027115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    524027115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |18446744072285456384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072285456384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   169227140    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    169227140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     4661959    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      4661959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     4662140    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      4662140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     3508627    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      3508627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |     1153513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      1153513                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
