
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.440664                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                440663523500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5810053236500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 628762                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1171036                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              923574581                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1972492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   477.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     558734131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17342784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          17342784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17755456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       17755456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       270981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             270981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       277429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            277429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39356069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             39356069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     40292548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            40292548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     79648617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            79648617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     270981                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    277429                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   270981                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  277429                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12779264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                4563520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               15084352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               17342784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            17755456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 71305                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                41724                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            15126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            15184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            11371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            16932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            18720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            16251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             6262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            7331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            5988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            6450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           17716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           14994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           14659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            17162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            15311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            16415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             7558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            9292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            6605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           16613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           17184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 440662010500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               270981                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              277429                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 199670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  2253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 14139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 14415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 14443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 14474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 14464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 14501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 14527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 14546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 14614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 14541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 14563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 14477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 14414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 14347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 14308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 14299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       217282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   128.240351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.866197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   121.071805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       131001     60.29%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57133     26.29%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17283      7.95%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6676      3.07%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2738      1.26%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1024      0.47%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          614      0.28%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          341      0.16%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          472      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       217282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.983192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.472513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0               55      0.39%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1               53      0.37%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2               29      0.20%      0.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3               31      0.22%      1.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4               20      0.14%      1.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5               15      0.11%      1.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6               22      0.15%      1.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7               56      0.39%      1.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8              107      0.75%      2.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9              190      1.33%      4.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10             413      2.89%      6.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11             669      4.69%     11.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12            1185      8.30%     19.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13            1746     12.23%     32.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14            2535     17.75%     49.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15            3065     21.47%     71.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16            3318     23.24%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17             635      4.45%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18             115      0.81%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19              13      0.09%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20               5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        14279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.506268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.416507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.298729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        12123     84.90%     84.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1970     13.80%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           16      0.11%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.05%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      0.13%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           11      0.08%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           27      0.19%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           19      0.13%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           25      0.18%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.05%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           13      0.09%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.08%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           12      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        14279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 10431171000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            14175096000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 998380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    52240.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               70990.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       29.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       34.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    39.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    40.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   86028                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 132066                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                43.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               56.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    803526.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   50.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2301900300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1223485230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2313588480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1916815320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        48713293200.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         29188508130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          1944447360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   157680026820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    53311421280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1266359117565                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1564966999815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           269.355019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        407667175750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2006997000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  10457270000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 171334408750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  79582763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20531105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 156751805000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1516671660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               806130105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1520748600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1235647080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        49289825520.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         32004656970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          2216259840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   133695296070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    66973932960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1270122327585                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1559405561610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           268.397809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        407276876250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2213013750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10506406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 179006315250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  92561092250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20670393500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 135709751750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14042496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          14042496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14460800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       14460800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       219414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             219414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       225950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            225950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     31866708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             31866708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     32815968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            32815968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64682676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            64682676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     219414                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    225950                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   219414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  225950                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              11590976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                2451520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               13354816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               14042496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            14460800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 38305                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                17271                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            12563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            12266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            12945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            10925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            15342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            16565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            14483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            6707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            5926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            6051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           17427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           14474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            13838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            13831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            15517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            17162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            16799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            13565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             5023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            9315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            6722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            6654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           15654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           14179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 440657120000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               219414                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              225950                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 181109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 12630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 12793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 12828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 12847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 12875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 12857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 12860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 12895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 12943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 12864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 12850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 12799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 12746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 12699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 12662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 12659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       188547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.310522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.412498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   129.147904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       112880     59.87%     59.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        48623     25.79%     85.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15424      8.18%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6320      3.35%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2679      1.42%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1005      0.53%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          654      0.35%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          413      0.22%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          549      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       188547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.321866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.490634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0               63      0.50%      0.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1               71      0.56%      1.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2               26      0.21%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3               16      0.13%      1.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4               10      0.08%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5               13      0.10%      1.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6               23      0.18%      1.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7               52      0.41%      2.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8               82      0.65%      2.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9              150      1.19%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10             213      1.68%      5.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11             366      2.89%      8.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12             728      5.76%     14.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13            1215      9.61%     23.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14            2173     17.18%     41.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15            2765     21.87%     63.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16            3938     31.14%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17             631      4.99%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18              95      0.75%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19              13      0.10%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        12645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.502096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.402714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.528878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        10919     86.35%     86.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1540     12.18%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.07%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           11      0.09%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.13%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           23      0.18%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           21      0.17%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           20      0.16%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           29      0.23%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.09%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.01%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.07%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.02%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.02%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.10%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        12645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9798864250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            13194658000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 905545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    54104.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               72854.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       26.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       30.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    31.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    32.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   80643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 120590                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                44.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               57.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    989431.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   51.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2139022620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1136917485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2148997200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1744863300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        47647507440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         27307738980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          1983024000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   153781374450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    53292419520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1269321482460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1560516453615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           268.589011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        410237380750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2184030250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  10014802000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 183013605500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  78076271000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18226632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 149148263500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1396069920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               742028760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1387537620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1128621420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        48661663440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         30563078520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          2225422560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   127505469420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    68984611680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1273145164980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1555763810580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           267.771007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        409442161500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2218302750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10184644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 188041136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  90815986000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18812800500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 130590844750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     14085312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          14085312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     14503616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       14503616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       220083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             220083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       226619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            226619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     31963871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             31963871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32913130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            32913130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64877001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            64877001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     220083                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    226619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   220083                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  226619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              11544512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                2540800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               13383360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               14085312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            14503616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 39700                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                17509                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            12883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            14940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            18168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             6275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            6577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            5789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            6650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           17099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           14611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            13113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            15480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            15490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            13592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            16769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            23533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            14359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            13919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             5217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            8096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            6367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           15883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 440660532000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               220083                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              226619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 180383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 12653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 12814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 12847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 12843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 12872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 12877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 12889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 12927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 12958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 12840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 12825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 12818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 12832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 12742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 12707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 12695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       188921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.949333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.826729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.148940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       114666     60.70%     60.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47075     24.92%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15545      8.23%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5977      3.16%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2989      1.58%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1002      0.53%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          657      0.35%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          469      0.25%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          541      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       188921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.239422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.471450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0               67      0.53%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1               59      0.47%      0.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2               31      0.24%      1.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3               15      0.12%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4               13      0.10%      1.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5                8      0.06%      1.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6               23      0.18%      1.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7               47      0.37%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8               87      0.69%      2.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9              123      0.97%      3.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10             253      2.00%      5.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11             427      3.37%      9.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12             741      5.85%     14.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13            1363     10.76%     25.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14            2319     18.31%     44.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15            2765     21.83%     65.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16            3602     28.43%     94.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17             615      4.85%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18              99      0.78%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19              11      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.507341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.405618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.465877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        10945     86.40%     86.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1533     12.10%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      0.06%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      0.06%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.13%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           26      0.21%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.16%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           17      0.13%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           28      0.22%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.06%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.07%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           12      0.09%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.09%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.04%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            9      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  9760113000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            13142294250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 901915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    54107.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               72857.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       26.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       30.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    31.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    32.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   80073                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 120504                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                44.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               57.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    986475.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              2121479640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1127589375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1996893780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1646335800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        47222176560.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         26592190050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          1975108320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy   151766979060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    53824593120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1270373056830                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1558660463835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           268.269567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        410692681250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2089676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9849610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 187115195250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  77108966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18028578250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 146471522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1361433780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               723619215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1334958660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1084214880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        47956056720.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         29903139360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          2106644160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy   128894982360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    67152621600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1273563492075                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1554104993040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           267.485499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        409403644750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2178892500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10021148000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 192046098250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  88933069000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19056206250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 128428462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13887616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13887616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14305920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       14305920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       223530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            223530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     31515238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             31515238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32464498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            32464498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     63979736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            63979736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216994                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    223530                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216994                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  223530                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              11413952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                2473664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               13232512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13887616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            14305920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 38651                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                16766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            12905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            14097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            10753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            14654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            16775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             6149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            6883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            5177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            6597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           16083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           14284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            13808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            17288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            16581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            21567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            16169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            13739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             4572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            8296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            5696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           17489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           15650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 440662208500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216994                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              223530                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 178343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 12470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 12631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 12619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 12645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 12671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 12690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 12747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 12762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 12818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 12711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 12723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 12717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 12709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 12620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 12571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 12553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       184550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.549325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.746924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   132.279353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       110525     59.89%     59.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47313     25.64%     85.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14938      8.09%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5807      3.15%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3228      1.75%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1034      0.56%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          614      0.33%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          545      0.30%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          546      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       184550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.239460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.524318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0               49      0.39%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1               74      0.59%      0.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2               38      0.30%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3               14      0.11%      1.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4               13      0.10%      1.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5               21      0.17%      1.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6               27      0.22%      1.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7               59      0.47%      2.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8               85      0.68%      3.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9              155      1.24%      4.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10             252      2.01%      6.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11             421      3.36%      9.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12             766      6.12%     15.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13            1237      9.88%     25.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14            2046     16.34%     41.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15            2673     21.34%     63.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16            4003     31.96%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17             519      4.14%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18              67      0.53%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19               4      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.508943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.400625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.685459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        10820     86.39%     86.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1529     12.21%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           16      0.13%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.05%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           14      0.11%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           14      0.11%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           16      0.13%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           21      0.17%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           23      0.18%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.08%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            2      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.06%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.10%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.04%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.02%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            4      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  9692378000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            13036309250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 891715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    54346.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               73096.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       25.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       30.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    31.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    32.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   80449                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 120103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                45.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               58.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1000313.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              2048851560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1088986635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2112226200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1734355440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        47206810560.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         28549077570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          1973751840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy   148629100560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    54199490400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1270869324210                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1558427158725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           268.229411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        410162737500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2099185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9874106000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 187197393500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  77325365250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18526709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 145641172250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1385724060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               736529805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1505975940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1210914720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        47925324720.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         30637492020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          2163755520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy   128271401790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    66192129120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1274201064420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1554254365425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           267.511208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        409487038000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2262182750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9995076000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 194475760750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  90228185500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18917609500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 124785504250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     12924160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total          12924160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4     13342464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total       13342464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4       201940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total             201940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4       208476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total            208476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4     29328863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             29328863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4     30278122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            30278122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     59606985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            59606985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                     201940                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                    208476                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                   201940                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                  208476                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM              11010112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                1914048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten               12612864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys               12924160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            13342464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                 29907                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                11401                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            11782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            10968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            13529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            10554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            14197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            16279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            13158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            12082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             4537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             5758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            6111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            5053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            6450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13           16073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14           14061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15           11441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            12244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            15946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            12183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            15747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            20669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            15712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            13658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             5213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             6737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            7303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            5549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            7106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13           17605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14           15396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15           12695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 440657516000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6               201940                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6              208476                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                 172033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                  1489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                  1579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                 11895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                 12037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                 12075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                 12088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                 12104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                 12148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                 12147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                 12167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                 12187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                 12120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                 12099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                 12106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                 12114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                 12027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                 11976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                 11972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       173016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.537476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.229583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   136.405020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127       102156     59.04%     59.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44502     25.72%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14607      8.44%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5676      3.28%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3205      1.85%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1081      0.62%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          705      0.41%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          470      0.27%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          614      0.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       173016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.411661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.486544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0               46      0.39%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::1               77      0.65%      1.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::2               30      0.25%      1.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3               18      0.15%      1.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4               10      0.08%      1.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5               22      0.18%      1.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6               25      0.21%      1.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7               49      0.41%      2.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8               63      0.53%      2.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9              118      0.99%      3.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10             187      1.57%      5.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11             338      2.83%      8.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12             561      4.70%     12.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13            1134      9.50%     22.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14            1857     15.56%     37.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15            2624     21.98%     59.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16            4137     34.66%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17             544      4.56%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18              81      0.68%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19               9      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20               5      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total        11937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.509676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.390977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.955591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        10429     87.37%     87.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1329     11.13%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           17      0.14%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.06%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           11      0.09%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           24      0.20%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.17%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           15      0.13%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           19      0.16%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.09%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.03%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           11      0.09%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.03%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      0.06%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::124-125            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total        11937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  9777679500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat            13003298250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 860165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    56836.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               75586.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                       24.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                       28.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                    29.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                    30.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   79236                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                 116860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                46.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               59.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   1073685.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   53.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy              1967584080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy              1045795740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy             1958551980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy            1602973260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        47181610320.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy         27141489930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy          2025148320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy   147386038290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    55161734880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1271849188695                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1557336590235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           268.041707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        410743435000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2240443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9849626000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 190448010500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  78854936250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17825529000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 141447258750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy              1355114880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy               720256845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy             1389515400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy            1125630360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        47849109360.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy         29450857470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy          2167839360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy   125828746020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    67807080000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1275311117835                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1553027780010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           267.300094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        410344597750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2227638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9969526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 196818301000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  91538417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18116277750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 121993836500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     14062144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total          14062144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5     14480448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total       14480448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5       219721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total             219721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5       226257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total            226257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5     31911296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total             31911296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5     32860555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            32860555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     64771851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            64771851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                     219721                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                    226257                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                   219721                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                  226257                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM              11437120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                2625024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten               13270208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys               14062144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            14480448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                 41016                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                18914                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            12332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            13954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            10550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            15078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            17133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            13751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             4290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             6317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            6555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            5530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            6252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13           16374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14           14378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15           12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            14273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            12882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            16879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            17018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            21807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            16768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            14387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             4811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             7419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            8040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            7108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13           17814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14           15813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15           13828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 440662894500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6               219721                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6              226257                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                 178705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                  1768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                  1874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                 12506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                 12698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                 12705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                 12702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                 12706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                 12786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                 12767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                 12827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                 12886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                 12782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                 12781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                 12715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                 12701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                 12630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                 12586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                 12584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       185199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.411347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.554009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   132.638343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127       111287     60.09%     60.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47068     25.41%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15035      8.12%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5729      3.09%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3324      1.79%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1061      0.57%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          614      0.33%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          438      0.24%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          643      0.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       185199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.240816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.538142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0               67      0.53%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::1               61      0.49%      1.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::2               35      0.28%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::3               12      0.10%      1.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4               15      0.12%      1.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5               15      0.12%      1.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6               27      0.22%      1.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7               60      0.48%      2.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8               81      0.65%      2.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9              147      1.17%      4.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10             255      2.03%      6.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11             458      3.65%      9.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12             813      6.48%     16.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13            1189      9.47%     25.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14            1977     15.75%     41.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15            2770     22.07%     63.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16            3910     31.16%     94.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17             572      4.56%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18              77      0.61%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::19               7      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total        12549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.522990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.421460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.503816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        10751     85.67%     85.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1603     12.77%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           11      0.09%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.05%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           24      0.19%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           19      0.15%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      0.25%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           22      0.18%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           24      0.19%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            8      0.06%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.02%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.02%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.10%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total        12549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  9865515250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat            13216234000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 893525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    55205.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               73955.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                       25.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                       30.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                    31.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                    32.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   80417                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                 120439                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                45.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               58.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                    988082.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   52.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy              1993031040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy              1059321120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy             2020470060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy            1655658720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        47370919440.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy         27125574960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy          1956664800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy   148634153610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    55838436960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1270675774695                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1558343992935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           268.215097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        410373076250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2096051750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9942634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 186554415000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  79258347750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18247856750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 144564413250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy              1344090720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy               714397365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy             1377798660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy            1104348420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        48205600560.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy         29723246790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy          2204381280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy   127837496130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    67489511040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1274305056270                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1554329578185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           267.524154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        408991344750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2310686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10088940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 193093684250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  91577690750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19273763750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 124322378250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     13522752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total          13522752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6     13941056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       13941056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6       211293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total             211293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6       217829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total            217829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6     30687251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total             30687251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6     31636510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            31636510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     62323761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            62323761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                     211293                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                    217829                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                   211293                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                  217829                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM              11331584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                2191168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten               13041920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys               13522752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            13941056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                 34237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                14039                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            12625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            10859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            14010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            15380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            17533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            13131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            12090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             4011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             7075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            5891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            5228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            6391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13           15730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14           14729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15           11120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            14222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            12254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            17314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            13188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            17536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            22026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            15206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            13640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             4760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             8402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            6987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            5809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            7167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13           16966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14           15999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15           12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 440643602500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6               211293                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6              217829                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                 177056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                  1557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                  1642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                 12277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                 12447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                 12488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                 12488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                 12540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                 12547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                 12556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                 12597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                 12633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                 12572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                 12554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                 12548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                 12549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                 12451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                 12398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                 12382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       178626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.458164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.209449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   135.742934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127       105638     59.14%     59.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45786     25.63%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15064      8.43%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5793      3.24%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3477      1.95%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1100      0.62%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          718      0.40%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          450      0.25%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          600      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       178626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.339273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.533268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0               46      0.37%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::1               70      0.57%      0.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::2               38      0.31%      1.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::3               16      0.13%      1.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4               11      0.09%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::5               18      0.15%      1.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6               32      0.26%      1.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7               67      0.54%      2.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8               87      0.70%      3.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9              138      1.12%      4.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10             242      1.96%      6.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11             416      3.37%      9.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12             769      6.23%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13            1031      8.35%     24.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14            1701     13.78%     37.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15            2598     21.04%     58.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16            4501     36.45%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17             500      4.05%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18              61      0.49%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19               5      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total        12347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.504414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.390022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.893130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        10754     87.10%     87.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1415     11.46%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           16      0.13%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           11      0.09%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           11      0.09%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           24      0.19%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      0.10%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      0.13%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.14%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           18      0.15%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.06%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.05%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.05%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      0.06%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total        12347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  9719924500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat            13039724500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 885280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    54897.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               73647.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                       25.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                       29.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                    30.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                    31.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   82155                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                 120064                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                46.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               58.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   1026849.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   53.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy              2056120080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy              1092853740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy             2212800240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy            1797856740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        47188371360.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy         27979824270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy          2008400640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy   148316310210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    54808353120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1270932783435                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1558406527875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           268.225860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        410011829000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2219823250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9845398000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 188807713750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  78633382750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18580100750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 142577457250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy              1249585680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy               664170540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy             1380754620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy            1097327520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        47995393680.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy         30330676410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy          2238310080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy   121593505800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    69752424000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1276119061980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1552445818260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           267.199930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        409990422500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2260266500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9957494000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 197082110500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  91263658250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18433637500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 121667979750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     14153280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total          14153280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7     14571584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total       14571584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7       221145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total             221145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7       227681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total            227681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7     32118111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             32118111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7     33067371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            33067371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     65185482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            65185482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                     221145                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                    227681                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                   221145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                  227681                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM              11450176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                2703104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten               13262528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys               14153280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            14571584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                 42236                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                20465                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            13558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            12955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            13722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            10873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            15441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            17320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            13907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             6272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            6466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            5103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            6110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13           16031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14           13609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15           12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            15426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            15739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            16665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            12547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            17699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            21960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            16118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            13031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             4304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             7290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            8150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            5725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            6791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13           17702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14           14838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15           13242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 440660606500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6               221145                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6              227681                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                 178909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                  1715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                  1822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                 12508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                 12652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                 12654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                 12675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                 12698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                 12767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                 12721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                 12762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                 12798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                 12724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                 12739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                 12713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                 12688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                 12625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                 12586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                 12562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       182896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.114338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.612970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   133.686924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127       108622     59.39%     59.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255        46734     25.55%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15497      8.47%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5811      3.18%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3443      1.88%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1071      0.59%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          672      0.37%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          446      0.24%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          600      0.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       182896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.263313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.484991                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0               58      0.46%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::1               68      0.54%      1.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::2               33      0.26%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::3               16      0.13%      1.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4               12      0.10%      1.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5               20      0.16%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6               17      0.14%      1.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7               36      0.29%      2.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8               77      0.61%      2.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9              162      1.29%      3.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10             236      1.88%      5.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11             423      3.37%      9.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12             707      5.64%     14.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13            1293     10.31%     25.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14            2110     16.82%     42.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15            2884     22.99%     64.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16            3695     29.46%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17             626      4.99%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18              60      0.48%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19               8      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20               2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total        12544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.520010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.411868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.664099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17        10794     86.05%     86.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         1566     12.48%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.07%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           10      0.08%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           12      0.10%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           28      0.22%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           16      0.13%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      0.13%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           25      0.20%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           14      0.11%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.08%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.04%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.02%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.03%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            5      0.04%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            3      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            4      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total        12544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  9844922500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat            13199466250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 894545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    55027.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               73777.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                       25.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                       30.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                    32.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                    33.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   81588                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                 121648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                45.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               58.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                    981807.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   52.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy              2095133040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy              1113574440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy             2001070680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy            1647672120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        47204966640.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy         26399275260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy          1959503520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy   151778511870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    53402455680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1270842297555                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1558458087585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           268.234734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        409704741000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2122906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9877064000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 187853619750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  77693571000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18958984750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 144157550250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy              1202368860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy               639074205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy             1226237880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             987921540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        48418266000.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy         29699093610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy          2280904800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy   120133445100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    71313828960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1276657451550                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1552585288425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           267.223934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        409491619000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2306484750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF  10057140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 195055597500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  92709317500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18806765000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 121728434500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   40573392                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   24785533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        29453                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        24094                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  204814683                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15165                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 20                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1222766470.600000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   877803441.941684                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       370001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2552183500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   467280374394                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12227664706                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       881327047                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157902462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    286645517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            282610230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                625482                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4958010                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     25283420                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   282610230                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       625482                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          572917726                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         226030089                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              730414                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             522010                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           206637699                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           97966784                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     65301511                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40534323                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  24767188                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24455329.411944                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              856871717.588055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.972252                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.027748                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         32191734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1529777      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                219255916     76.49%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  194137      0.07%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    60809      0.02%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 313212      0.11%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                40377747     14.09%     91.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               24715888      8.62%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             156553      0.05%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             51300      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 286655339                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                6161                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               6161                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               806                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              806                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        22354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   23966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        13804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        24818                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    28042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              7319500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              5440990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             3264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3887485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1201680                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            16651000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3346432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          895                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  1                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                   9                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3563146                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3563146    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3563146                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    270368885                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000066                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000046                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008132                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   270351004     99.99%     99.99% |       17881      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    270368885                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      270368885                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.162708                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.032157                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        24.173144                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   270177721     99.93%     99.93% |       90377      0.03%     99.96% |       17116      0.01%     99.97% |        1025      0.00%     99.97% |       77865      0.03%    100.00% |        4683      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        270368885                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    268587402                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   268587402    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    268587402                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1781483                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   177.459760                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.946614                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   240.313010                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1590319     89.27%     89.27% |       90377      5.07%     94.34% |       17116      0.96%     95.30% |        1025      0.06%     95.36% |       77865      4.37%     99.73% |        4683      0.26%     99.99% |          95      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      1781483                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.030126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.041562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000615                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5996.206526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.009324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000561                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.460993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.002258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000562                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.056063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.030401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6034.703285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.171027                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000520                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.000562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.005544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000561                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.001502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000479                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.084084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time  6000.002878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5998.031556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000565                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.108628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits    268587402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      1781483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    270368885                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  3500.041562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.307069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.002022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3000.041562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.002021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.012127                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  3483.715641                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.010687                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1781663                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2     14251864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2    128266776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    128266776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14253304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.030126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000615                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5496.206526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  1000.041562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.154137                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::2       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Data::2       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6804                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       271073                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::2      2167144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Data::2     19504296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19504296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2168584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.009324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.210907                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.124850                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::2       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Data::2       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::2      1755312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Data::2     15797808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15797808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1755312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.460993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.002258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.345811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.125230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      1760664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     15845976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15845976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1760664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.056063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.030401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.053193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.123477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::2       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Data::2       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::2      1735952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Data::2     15623568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15623568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1735952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5534.703285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.171027                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.114937                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::2       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Data::2       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::4       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::2      1615520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Data::2     14539680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14539680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1615520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.000562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.005544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.867536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.125024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::2       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Data::2       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::4       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::2      1757768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Data::2     15819912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15819912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1757768                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.001502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000479                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.084084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.191530                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.120243                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::2       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Data::2       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::4       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::2      1690344                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Data::2     15213096                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15213096                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1690344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5500.002878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  5498.031556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1000.000365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.125832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::2       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Data::2       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::4       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::2      1769160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Data::2     15922440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15922440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1769160                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.108628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.003042                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52556                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420448                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.004043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3983.715641                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time  1500.000460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1500.041562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1500.210907                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers048.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  1500.345811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_stall_time  1500.053193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers059.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.000511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  1500.867536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_stall_time  1500.191530                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  1500.000365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers078.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.002022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2500.041562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.002021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  5000.030126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000615                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4996.206526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  5000.000357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_buf_msgs     0.000498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers137.avg_stall_time  4998.009324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers140.avg_stall_time  5000.460993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  4998.002258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  5000.056063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4998.030401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers150.avg_stall_time  5034.703285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_buf_msgs     0.000458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers152.avg_stall_time  4998.171027                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers155.avg_stall_time  5000.000562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers157.avg_stall_time  4998.005544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers160.avg_stall_time  5000.001502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_buf_msgs     0.000479                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers162.avg_stall_time  4998.084084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers165.avg_stall_time  5000.002878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers167.avg_stall_time  4998.031556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers171.avg_stall_time  2500.108628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2000.041562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.002021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  4500.030126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000615                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  4496.206526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  4500.000357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  4498.009324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  4500.460993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  4498.002258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  4500.056063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4498.030401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4534.703285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_buf_msgs     0.000458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers062.avg_stall_time  4498.171027                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers065.avg_stall_time  4500.000562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  4498.005544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  4500.001502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000479                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers072.avg_stall_time  4498.084084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers075.avg_stall_time  4500.002878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers077.avg_stall_time  4498.031556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers081.avg_stall_time  2000.108628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.112637                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::2      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Data::2      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52556                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1781663                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::2     14251864                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Data::2    128266776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    128266776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420448                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14253304                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5344449                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            5344449                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5345253                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5659521                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         42755592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           384800328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    384858216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     45276168                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5810053236500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.010693                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1781663                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    128266776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14253304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     1.010682                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     14251864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    128266776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.154071                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6804                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2167144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     19504296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.154203                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       271073                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19504296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2168584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.124850                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1755312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15797808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.124850                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15797808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1755312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1760664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15845976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.125230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15845976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1760664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.123477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1735952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15623568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.123477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15623568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1735952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.114937                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1615520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     14539680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.114937                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14539680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1615520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1757768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15819912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.125024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15819912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1757768                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.120243                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1690344                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15213096                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.120243                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15213096                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1690344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1769160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15922440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.125832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15922440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1769160                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003103                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002982                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52556                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420448                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     1.010692                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1781483                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1781663                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    128266776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14253304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.link_utilization     0.154071                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Control::2       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Data::2       270893                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6804                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::2      2167144                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Data::2     19504296                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.link_utilization     0.124850                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Control::2       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Data::2       219414                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::2      1755312                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Data::2     15797808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.link_utilization     0.125230                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Control::2       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Data::2       220083                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::2      1760664                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Data::2     15845976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.link_utilization     0.123477                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Control::2       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Data::2       216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::2      1735952                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Data::2     15623568                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.link_utilization     0.114937                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Control::2       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Data::2       201940                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::2      1615520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Data::2     14539680                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.link_utilization     0.125024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Control::2       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Data::2       219721                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::2      1757768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Data::2     15819912                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.link_utilization     0.120243                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Control::2       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Data::2       211293                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::2      1690344                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Data::2     15213096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.link_utilization     0.125832                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Control::2       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Data::2       221145                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::2      1769160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Data::2     15922440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.link_utilization     0.003103                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle17.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1781483                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1781483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1781483                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1781663                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1781663    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1781663                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39561986                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.880027                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.080837                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     38.227514                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    39493049     99.83%     99.83% |       31777      0.08%     99.91% |        6150      0.02%     99.92% |         364      0.00%     99.92% |       29135      0.07%    100.00% |        1469      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      39561986                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     38921044                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    38921044    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     38921044                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       640942                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   178.768959                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.293076                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   243.128137                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      572005     89.24%     89.24% |       31777      4.96%     94.20% |        6150      0.96%     95.16% |         364      0.06%     95.22% |       29135      4.55%     99.76% |        1469      0.23%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       640942                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     24753631                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.767727                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.119664                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     53.076847                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    24676683     99.69%     99.69% |       31079      0.13%     99.81% |        5875      0.02%     99.84% |         353      0.00%     99.84% |       36910      0.15%     99.99% |        2684      0.01%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      24753631                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24189705                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    24189705    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     24189705                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       563926                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   210.280226                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   142.794435                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   284.357316                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      486978     86.35%     86.35% |       31079      5.51%     91.87% |        5875      1.04%     92.91% |         353      0.06%     92.97% |       36910      6.55%     99.52% |        2684      0.48%     99.99% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       563926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    204799518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.384893                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.012644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.747102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   204756145     99.98%     99.98% |       26622      0.01%     99.99% |        4922      0.00%     99.99% |         292      0.00%     99.99% |       11032      0.01%    100.00% |         496      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    204799518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    204247092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   204247092    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    204247092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       552426                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.690275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.440448                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   175.649617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      509053     92.15%     92.15% |       26622      4.82%     96.97% |        4922      0.89%     97.86% |         292      0.05%     97.91% |       11032      2.00%     99.91% |         496      0.09%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       552426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1248708                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.850636                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.092575                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.854946                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1246813     99.85%     99.85% |         892      0.07%     99.92% |         168      0.01%     99.93% |          16      0.00%     99.93% |         785      0.06%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1248708                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1224603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1224603    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1224603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24105                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   148.671106                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.147870                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   212.632551                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22210     92.14%     92.14% |         892      3.70%     95.84% |         168      0.70%     96.54% |          16      0.07%     96.60% |         785      3.26%     99.86% |          34      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24105                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.537088                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.183130                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.029337                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2447     97.06%     97.06% |          63      2.50%     99.56% |           4      0.16%     99.72% |           3      0.12%     99.84% |           1      0.04%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           3      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2437                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2437    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2437                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           84                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   197.190476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   155.538917                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   211.029689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          10     11.90%     11.90% |          63     75.00%     86.90% |           4      4.76%     91.67% |           3      3.57%     95.24% |           1      1.19%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           3      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           84                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2521                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1781483                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   177.459760                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.946614                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   240.313010                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1590319     89.27%     89.27% |       90377      5.07%     94.34% |       17116      0.96%     95.30% |        1025      0.06%     95.36% |       77865      4.37%     99.73% |        4683      0.26%     99.99% |          95      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       640942                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   178.768959                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.293076                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   243.128137                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      572005     89.24%     89.24% |       31777      4.96%     94.20% |        6150      0.96%     95.16% |         364      0.06%     95.22% |       29135      4.55%     99.76% |        1469      0.23%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       640942                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       563926                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   210.280226                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   142.794435                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   284.357316                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      486978     86.35%     86.35% |       31079      5.51%     91.87% |        5875      1.04%     92.91% |         353      0.06%     92.97% |       36910      6.55%     99.52% |        2684      0.48%     99.99% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       563926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       552426                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.690275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.440448                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   175.649617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      509053     92.15%     92.15% |       26622      4.82%     96.97% |        4922      0.89%     97.86% |         292      0.05%     97.91% |       11032      2.00%     99.91% |         496      0.09%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       552426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24105                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   148.671106                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.147870                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   212.632551                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       22210     92.14%     92.14% |         892      3.70%     95.84% |         168      0.70%     96.54% |          16      0.07%     96.60% |         785      3.26%     99.86% |          34      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        24105                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           84                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   197.190476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   155.538917                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   211.029689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          10     11.90%     11.90% |          63     75.00%     86.90% |           4      4.76%     91.67% |           3      3.57%     95.24% |           1      1.19%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           3      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           84                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      270893     15.21%     15.21% |      219414     12.32%     27.52% |      220083     12.35%     39.88% |      216994     12.18%     52.06% |      201940     11.34%     63.39% |      219721     12.33%     75.73% |      211293     11.86%     87.59% |      221145     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      270893     15.21%     15.21% |      219414     12.32%     27.52% |      220083     12.35%     39.88% |      216994     12.18%     52.06% |      201940     11.34%     63.39% |      219721     12.33%     75.73% |      211293     11.86%     87.59% |      221145     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6536     12.50%     12.50% |        6536     12.50%     25.00% |        6536     12.50%     37.50% |        6536     12.50%     50.00% |        6536     12.50%     62.50% |        6536     12.50%     75.00% |        6536     12.50%     87.50% |        6536     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        52288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      270981     15.21%     15.21% |      219414     12.32%     27.53% |      220083     12.35%     39.88% |      216994     12.18%     52.06% |      201940     11.33%     63.39% |      219721     12.33%     75.73% |      211293     11.86%     87.59% |      221145     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1781571                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      277429     15.13%     15.13% |      225950     12.32%     27.45% |      226619     12.36%     39.81% |      223530     12.19%     52.00% |      208476     11.37%     63.37% |      226257     12.34%     75.71% |      217829     11.88%     87.58% |      227681     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1833771                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      270893     15.21%     15.21% |      219414     12.32%     27.52% |      220083     12.35%     39.88% |      216994     12.18%     52.06% |      201940     11.34%     63.39% |      219721     12.33%     75.73% |      211293     11.86%     87.59% |      221145     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          88    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        6536     12.50%     12.50% |        6536     12.50%     25.00% |        6536     12.50%     37.50% |        6536     12.50%     50.00% |        6536     12.50%     62.50% |        6536     12.50%     75.00% |        6536     12.50%     87.50% |        6536     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        52288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      270713     15.20%     15.20% |      219414     12.32%     27.52% |      220083     12.36%     39.87% |      216994     12.18%     52.05% |      201940     11.34%     63.39% |      219721     12.33%     75.72% |      211293     11.86%     87.59% |      221145     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1781303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      270893     15.21%     15.21% |      219414     12.32%     27.52% |      220083     12.35%     39.88% |      216994     12.18%     52.06% |      201940     11.34%     63.39% |      219721     12.33%     75.73% |      211293     11.86%     87.59% |      221145     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      270713     15.20%     15.20% |      219414     12.32%     27.52% |      220083     12.36%     39.87% |      216994     12.18%     52.05% |      201940     11.34%     63.39% |      219721     12.33%     75.72% |      211293     11.86%     87.59% |      221145     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1781303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          88    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        6536     12.50%     12.50% |        6536     12.50%     25.00% |        6536     12.50%     37.50% |        6536     12.50%     50.00% |        6536     12.50%     62.50% |        6536     12.50%     75.00% |        6536     12.50%     87.50% |        6536     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          268                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            268                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          268                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          268                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        52288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    39561986    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     39561986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   204799518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    204799518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    26007381    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     26007381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1781483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         360    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     1781303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      1781303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1781483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      640942    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       640942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      552426    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       552426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      588115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       588115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    38921044    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     38921044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   204247092    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    204247092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    25419266    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     25419266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     1781303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      1781303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1781483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1781483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1193368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1193368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      588115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       588115                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
