
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.329045                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                329045138500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5557441302500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 842834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1555472                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              924434986                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5006660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   355.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     553657606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       371584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            371584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       491328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         491328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7677                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7677                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1129280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1129280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1493193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1493193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2622473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2622473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       5806                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7677                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     5806                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7677                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                354880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  16704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 487424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 371584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              491328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   66                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 295632378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 5806                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7677                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   5544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.358573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.385736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.912935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1227     35.60%     35.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          923     26.78%     62.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          513     14.88%     77.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          362     10.50%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      4.41%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           50      1.45%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.93%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.90%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          157      4.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.978437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.385603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             81     21.83%     21.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      4.31%     26.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            20      5.39%     31.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           14      3.77%     35.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          160     43.13%     78.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           32      8.63%     87.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           21      5.66%     92.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           12      3.23%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      1.35%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.54%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.27%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.27%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.54%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.528302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.187181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.202005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          261     70.35%     70.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           19      5.12%     75.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      1.08%     76.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      1.35%     77.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            9      2.43%     80.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           12      3.23%     83.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           11      2.96%     86.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            2      0.54%     87.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.16%     89.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      1.08%     90.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            4      1.08%     91.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      2.16%     93.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.08%     94.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      1.35%     95.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.54%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.54%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            5      1.35%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.81%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.27%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.27%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   485459500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              589428250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  27725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    87549.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              106299.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   6019                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                66.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               79.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  21926305.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                51450840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                27346770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              139636980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              39144780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        5810806560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          1757011320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           338295840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14304487440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     8212119360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321216929960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1351899425700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           243.259326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        294485517000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    167459000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    467258000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 319527557500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4311982500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    508783500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4970639500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                48187860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                25612455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              140807940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              42323760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        5196781200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          1664084220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           279557280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    13490375250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6978385920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1322317432560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1350184873275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           242.950811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        296978594250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    115710000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    439078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 322369521000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3835404000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    555391750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5096925500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       360256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            360256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       490688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         490688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         5629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               5629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7667                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7667                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1094853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1094853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1491248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1491248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2586101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2586101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       5629                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      7667                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     5629                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    7667                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                348864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  11392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 490624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 360256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              490688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       49                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 298080568500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 5629                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                7667                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   5451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.145411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.241763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.251347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1162     34.62%     34.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          888     26.46%     61.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          507     15.11%     76.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          389     11.59%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      4.20%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           43      1.28%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.92%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      0.98%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      4.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.200557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.570006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             68     18.94%     18.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             14      3.90%     22.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            18      5.01%     27.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           13      3.62%     31.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          167     46.52%     77.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           36     10.03%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           21      5.85%     93.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      3.06%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            3      0.84%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.28%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.84%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.28%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.353760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.448674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.283439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          257     71.59%     71.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.74%     76.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      1.11%     77.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      1.11%     78.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      1.67%     80.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            3      0.84%     81.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           15      4.18%     85.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            3      0.84%     86.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            9      2.51%     88.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      1.11%     89.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            4      1.11%     90.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.84%     91.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.11%     92.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.84%     93.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      1.11%     94.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.56%     95.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            4      1.11%     96.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.56%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.28%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.28%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.56%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.28%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.28%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.56%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.28%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   463771750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              565978000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  27255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    85080.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              103830.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    3677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   6084                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                67.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  22418815.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                51086700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                27153225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              140636580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              39745080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        5710620240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          1756396290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           340082880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14208426480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7933371360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321415246775                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1351623881430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           243.209745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        285326299500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    164237500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    473020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 322104838500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4305473750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    543856500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5038329750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                46060140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                24481545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              138980100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              41514660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        5087989920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          1712059980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           279128160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    13089477720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6766397760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1322632075680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1349819366235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           242.885042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        296839979000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    128458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    441036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 322500528250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3905847500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    669680750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4756234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       358016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            358016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       480192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         480192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         5594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               5594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         7503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              7503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1088045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1088045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1459350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             1459350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2547395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             2547395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       5594                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      7503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     5594                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    7503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                346048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  11968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 480000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 358016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              480192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       38                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 296712889500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 5594                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                7503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   5407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         3236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.268232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.248626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   247.987313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1069     33.03%     33.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          861     26.61%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          515     15.91%     75.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          372     11.50%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      4.70%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.24%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.93%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      1.08%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      5.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         3236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.322946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.815002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             69     19.55%     19.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             20      5.67%     25.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            13      3.68%     28.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           19      5.38%     34.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          147     41.64%     75.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           46     13.03%     88.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           11      3.12%     92.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           16      4.53%     96.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            2      0.57%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.57%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.57%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.28%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.28%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.28%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.28%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.246459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.426961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.820336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          250     70.82%     70.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           20      5.67%     76.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.85%     77.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.85%     78.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      1.70%     79.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            7      1.98%     81.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.40%     85.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      1.13%     86.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           10      2.83%     89.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            3      0.85%     90.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.42%     91.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.85%     92.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.85%     93.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.85%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.28%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.57%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            5      1.42%     96.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.57%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.28%     97.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.28%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.57%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.28%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.57%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.28%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.28%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   430930750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              532312000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  27035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    79698.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               98448.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        1.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     1.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    3707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   5964                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                68.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               79.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  22655027.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                49294560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                26200680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              138823020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              38648880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        5602443600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          1679554590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           346102560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13908667470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7787574720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321687041480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1351265791710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           243.145311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        284086507250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    175979250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    449180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 321000143250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4013118500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    461976500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4933622000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                45096240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                23969220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              137887680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              41050080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        5040662640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          1667605680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           279520320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12952273020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6688946400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1322775730860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1349653697010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           242.855232                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        296901107250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    118626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    419868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 322998246500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3763999750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    637713750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4460866250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       356352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            356352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       483392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         483392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         5568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               5568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         7553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1082988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1082988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1469075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             1469075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2552063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             2552063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       5568                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      7553                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     5568                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    7553                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                344512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  11840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 483072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 356352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              483392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   185                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       33                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 294709886000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 5568                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                7553                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   5383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         3256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   254.191646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.072614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   248.429760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1124     34.52%     34.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          839     25.77%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          486     14.93%     75.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          355     10.90%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          185      5.68%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.47%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.83%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.92%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      4.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         3256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.115169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.439280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             73     20.51%     20.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      4.49%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      4.21%     29.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           12      3.37%     32.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          162     45.51%     78.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           35      9.83%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           13      3.65%     91.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           17      4.78%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      1.12%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.56%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.84%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.28%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.202247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.471256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.211845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          253     71.07%     71.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           14      3.93%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      1.69%     76.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.56%     77.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            9      2.53%     79.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            2      0.56%     80.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.37%     83.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      1.97%     85.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           12      3.37%     89.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      1.40%     90.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.40%     91.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.28%     92.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      1.40%     93.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.84%     94.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.28%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.28%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      1.97%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.28%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.28%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.28%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.28%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.28%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.28%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.28%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.28%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.28%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   440310250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              541241500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  26915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    81796.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              100546.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        1.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     1.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    3690                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   5986                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                68.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               79.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  22460931.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                48651960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                25859130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              139865460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              39202200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        5545282080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          1655215020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           355206240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13724799720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7667480640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321867591590                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1351070497650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           243.110170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        273643855750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    187715000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    449984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 318996504250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4045419500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    469661250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4897178500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                44839200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                23832600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              138373200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              41070960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        4977969360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          1651869120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           274838880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12910893300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6505704960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1322909701305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1349480797485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           242.824121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        297263004000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    112073750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    405448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 323595674750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3553069750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    618855250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4435639250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4       354944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            354944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4       476096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         476096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4         5546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               5546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4         7439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total              7439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1078709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              1078709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1446902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             1446902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2525611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             2525611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                       5546                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                      7439                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                     5546                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                    7439                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                343616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  11328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                 475904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                 354944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys              476096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   177                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0              367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9              228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10             323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11             409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12             427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13             313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14             402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0              541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1              510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2              434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6              301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7              457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8              653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9              666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10             635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11             601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12             518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13             422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15             378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       33                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 298301265500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                 5546                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                7439                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                   5369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                   367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                   424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                   459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                   369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                   362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                   356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples         3192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.741855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.218925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   251.427854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1124     35.21%     35.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255          798     25.00%     60.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          409     12.81%     73.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          403     12.63%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          196      6.14%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      1.28%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.88%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.00%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          161      5.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total         3192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples          349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.392550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.097689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             74     21.20%     21.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             14      4.01%     25.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            16      4.58%     29.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           11      3.15%     32.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          147     42.12%     75.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           45     12.89%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           17      4.87%     92.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            9      2.58%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      1.43%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.57%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.29%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.86%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.57%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.57%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total          349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples          349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.306590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.509901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.597438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          248     71.06%     71.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           13      3.72%     74.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.57%     75.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      2.29%     77.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            7      2.01%     79.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            5      1.43%     81.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           13      3.72%     84.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      1.15%     85.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            9      2.58%     88.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      1.72%     90.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.43%     91.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.86%     92.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.86%     93.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.57%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.86%     94.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.72%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.29%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.29%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.29%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            3      0.86%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.29%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.29%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.29%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.57%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total          349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   441951750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              542620500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  26845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    82315.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              101065.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        1.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        1.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                    3735                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                   5878                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                69.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               79.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  22972758.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                48516300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                25787025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              139044360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy              38492280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        5582775120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          1688154750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           337135200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13778794110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7711438080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321822166580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1351173388485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           243.128684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        277244060250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    154555750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    449216000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 322630262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4090890250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    477678750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4825284250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                44824920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                23825010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              137966220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy              40888260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        4982886480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          1678309140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           278587680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12841120170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6571551840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1322886915510                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1349487609720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           242.825346                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        297222657500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    111780500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    398422000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 323791532500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3551858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    652239500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4207807500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5       355072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            355072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5       479424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         479424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5         5548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               5548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5         7491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total              7491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1079098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              1079098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1457016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             1457016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2536114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             2536114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                       5548                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                      7491                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                     5548                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                    7491                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                345664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                   9408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                 479744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                 355072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys              479424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0              365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2              322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4              358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9              227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10             323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12             431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14             406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0              538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1              511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2              429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6              345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7              457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9              669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10             647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11             598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12             511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14             388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15             379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       47                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 295728279500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                 5548                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                7491                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                   5401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                   417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                   432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                   464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                   368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                   382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                   371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                   358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         3286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.189288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.051416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.982575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1192     36.28%     36.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255          816     24.83%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          448     13.63%     74.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          387     11.78%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          179      5.45%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      1.55%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.76%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      0.97%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          156      4.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         3286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples          351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.410256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.289049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             74     21.08%     21.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      4.56%     25.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             7      1.99%     27.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           14      3.99%     31.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          150     42.74%     74.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           44     12.54%     86.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           21      5.98%     92.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           10      2.85%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            3      0.85%     96.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      1.71%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.28%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.28%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.28%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.57%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total          351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples          351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.356125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.548721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.810708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          244     69.52%     69.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           15      4.27%     73.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      1.71%     75.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      2.28%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      1.71%     79.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            5      1.42%     80.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      3.99%     84.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      1.42%     86.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           10      2.85%     89.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      1.14%     90.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      1.99%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.28%     92.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.85%     93.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      1.14%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.57%     95.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.71%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.28%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.28%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.57%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.28%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.57%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.28%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.28%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total          351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   453009750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              554278500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  27005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    83875.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              102625.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        1.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     1.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                    3743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                   5868                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                69.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  22680288.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   74.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                50301300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                26735775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              139794060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy              38988180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        5663292960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          1713988860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           333820320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14213562180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7763038080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321540818255                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1351485491370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           243.184843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        282709803000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    149356500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    458182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 319895318750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4111737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    489550500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4944777500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                45053400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                23946450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              138016200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy              40585500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        4985345040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          1675961310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           281110080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12894133590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6613004160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1322818059165                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1349516536395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           242.830551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        297248556500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    129676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    406814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 323657096250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3708727250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    635649500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4210648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6       356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6       469504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         469504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6         5566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total               5566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6         7336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total              7336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1082599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              1082599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1426868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             1426868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2509467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             2509467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                       5566                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                      7336                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                     5566                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                    7336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                347904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                   8320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                 469696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                 356224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys              469504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1              365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7              294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9              235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11             410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12             426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13             341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14             404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0              543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1              511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2              430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5              300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7              456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9              664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10             643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11             595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12             505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14             383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15             370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       29                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 294709752000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                 5566                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                7336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                   5436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                   359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                   415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                   423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                   455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                   368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                   366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                   354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                   349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         3151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.493494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.977175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   253.310600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1144     36.31%     36.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255          728     23.10%     59.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          433     13.74%     73.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          367     11.65%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          216      6.85%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           45      1.43%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.70%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      1.14%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          160      5.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         3151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.722543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.584021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             77     22.25%     22.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              9      2.60%     24.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            14      4.05%     28.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           14      4.05%     32.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          149     43.06%     76.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           36     10.40%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           19      5.49%     91.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            9      2.60%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      1.73%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.29%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.87%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.29%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.29%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.29%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.29%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.29%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.210983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.446888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.959303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          239     69.08%     69.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.91%     73.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      2.02%     76.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      1.16%     77.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           14      4.05%     81.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            2      0.58%     81.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           15      4.34%     86.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            2      0.58%     86.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           11      3.18%     89.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      2.02%     91.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            3      0.87%     92.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.16%     93.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.58%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.87%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      2.02%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.58%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.58%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.29%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.29%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.29%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::118-119            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   437385500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              539310500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  27180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    80460.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               99210.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        1.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     1.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                    3796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                   5829                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                69.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               79.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  22842175.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                48887580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                25984365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              138544560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy              38283480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        5625799920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          1693147380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           343419840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13824993180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7854201600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321705615560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1351300459095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           243.151549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        281714094750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    166751750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    459198000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 318868383000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4241081250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    466739500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4843701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                43803900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                23282325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              137280780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy              40214880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        4899910080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          1588649850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           270684000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12705203100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6499377600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1323029239500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1349238446265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           242.780512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        297005325000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    115756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    390284000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 323641809250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3527014000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    570889500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4163793250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7       356864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            356864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7       477184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         477184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7         5576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               5576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7         7456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total              7456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1084544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              1084544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1450208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             1450208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2534753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             2534753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                       5576                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                      7456                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                     5576                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                    7456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                347584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                   9280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                 477376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                 356864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys              477184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1              374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3              405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6              322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7              283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8              183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9              234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10             322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11             409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12             430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13             318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0              532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2              423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6              350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7              460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8              632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9              667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10             645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11             597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12             509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14             386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15             385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       50                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 294709208500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                 5576                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                7456                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                   5431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                   434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                   381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                   366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                   360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                   350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         3173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   260.013867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.234492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   255.203096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1120     35.30%     35.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255          791     24.93%     60.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          414     13.05%     73.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          330     10.40%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          243      7.66%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.51%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.88%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      1.13%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          163      5.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         3173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.728324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.503051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             67     19.36%     19.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      4.62%     23.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            14      4.05%     28.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      4.34%     32.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          141     40.75%     73.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           43     12.43%     85.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           21      6.07%     91.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           14      4.05%     95.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      1.45%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.29%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.58%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.58%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.58%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.557803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.451629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    13.743335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          264     76.30%     76.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            8      2.31%     78.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           12      3.47%     82.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           17      4.91%     86.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           12      3.47%     90.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            6      1.73%     92.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            5      1.45%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            4      1.16%     94.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            5      1.45%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     96.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.58%     97.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.87%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.29%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.29%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.29%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.29%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.29%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   438361750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              540193000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  27155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    80714.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               99464.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        1.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     1.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                    3788                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                   5930                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                69.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               79.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  22614273.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   75.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                48901860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                25991955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              139351380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy              38935980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        5540979600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          1676992440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           329830080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13701139590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7671024000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1321882721820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1351056868905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           243.107717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        273633903500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    182156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    443738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 319182137250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4116991000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    496028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4624175250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                44018100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                23396175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              137844840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy              40491540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        4963218000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          1632179610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           273787680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12675596730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6630832320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1322969929935                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1349392336710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           242.808203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        296956917250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    122150250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    416052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 323209942250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3891310000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    585434500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4182331000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   39414771                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   22339234                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        20979                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4885                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  217539992                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15313                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 60                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           30                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    983148683.366667                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1211983949.533936                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           30    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       680501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3227912000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             30                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   304120193998                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  29494460501                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       658090277                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157610234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    280986355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            249900247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              40725105                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4752768                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     20414474                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   249900247                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     40725105                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          501834456                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         194195072                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            66045139                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           36526288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           157523931                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           82511779                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     61670786                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   39334048                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  22336738                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              58988921.001821                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              599101355.998179                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.910363                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.089637                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         27790461                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               625092      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                194236296     69.12%     69.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  150665      0.05%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   568918      0.20%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               23741917      8.45%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                32227325     11.47%     89.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               19266267      6.86%     96.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            7106663      2.53%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           3070471      1.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 280993614                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4235                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                5025                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               5025                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               672                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              672                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        18520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   19864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        12208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        21083                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    23771                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              5192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4800990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             2854500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3159236                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1006845                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            13872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1680384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          473                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7211253                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.427088                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.798416                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6826262     94.66%     94.66% |          15      0.00%     94.66% |           0      0.00%     94.66% |           8      0.00%     94.66% |      384963      5.34%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7211253                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    279408610                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000242                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000168                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.015546                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   279341066     99.98%     99.98% |       67544      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    279408610                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      279408610                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.138907                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.017051                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.750197                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   279401056    100.00%    100.00% |        1098      0.00%    100.00% |        1271      0.00%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |        4712      0.00%    100.00% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        279408610                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    277810535                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   277810535    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    277810535                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1598075                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.286554                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.222575                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.073632                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1590521     99.53%     99.53% |        1098      0.07%     99.60% |        1271      0.08%     99.68% |         221      0.01%     99.69% |        4712      0.29%     99.98% |         210      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1598075                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5691.016993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.025703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5781.645416                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5677.054736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.008000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5796.429678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.068364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5764.927993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.093489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5714.780576                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.007997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.070173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5456.534520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.008038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5642.473487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.008054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.056495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000241                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     61057854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       826077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     61883931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    216752681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       771998                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    217524679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.424810                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.013539                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           66                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1508382                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams      1507198                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested      1507198                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004720                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3897.089763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4439.868805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       162548                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        20987                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       183535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000772                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   989.795090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.023325                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000462                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4228.863240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       140923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        16488                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       157411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000674                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   989.696774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.011795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4211.371988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       139281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        16504                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       155785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000666                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   989.715073                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000759                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4393.471776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       238963                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        16110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       255073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.079797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4455.594892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       233457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        15808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       249265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.043319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000772                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4255.956065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       243368                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        15751                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       259119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.936726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000150                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000505                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4191.567656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       155524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        15569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       171093                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   990.283613                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000146                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4256.248556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       149533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        17261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       166794                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000712                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   989.041402                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.004720                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3397.089763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.007060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1751.128295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.873535                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1598075                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90100                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1598075                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1508516                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2       825962                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       384975                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1123270                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     12784600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       720800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    115061400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12068128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6607696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27718200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8986160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3939.868805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.023325                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3131.192301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1489.796332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.102813                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       189293                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15401                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178626                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       173282                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       124157                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114763                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      1514344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       123208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12861072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1386256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       993256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3845376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       918104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000462                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3728.863240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.011795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3253.293571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1489.699849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.089828                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       163040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10892                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       156733                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       151503                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102197                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47477                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        99074                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1304320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11284776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1212024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       817576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3418344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       792592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3711.371988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3140.852048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000447                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1489.715084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.089293                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       161379                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154844                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       149640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        96586                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1291032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11148768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1197120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       830232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3476808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       772688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000759                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3893.471776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3281.324706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000750                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.081526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.134414                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       260641                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10573                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       254524                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       249353                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       100971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47686                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       196845                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2085128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18325728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1994824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       807768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3433392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1574760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3955.594895                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3247.216440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.043364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.131243                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       254811                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       248860                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       243722                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98077                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192861                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2038488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        82368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17917920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1949776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       784616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3322224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1542888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000772                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3755.956065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000150                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3197.785704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000763                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.938679                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.136407                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       264667                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10234                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       258827                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       253662                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98529                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       200756                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2117336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        81872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18635544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2029296                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       788232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3467520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1606048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000505                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3691.567656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000146                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2936.202902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1490.285434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.095598                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       176659                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10037                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       170866                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2        96071                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46141                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114948                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1413272                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        80296                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12302352                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1325504                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       768568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3322152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       919584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3756.248556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.009364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3124.037034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1489.043104                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.093748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       172370                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11725                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       165019                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       159851                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102181                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107437                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1378960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11881368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1278808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       817448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3432384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       859496                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5191.016996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.025703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.004259                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10503                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5074                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3465                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0        46064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       756216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        40592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5281.645419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.004131                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0         5629                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10181                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4919                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0        45032                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       733032                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39352                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5177.054736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.008000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.004050                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0         5594                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9969                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4733                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0        44752                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       717768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37864                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5296.429678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.068364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.008003                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0         5568                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9993                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4791                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0        44544                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       719496                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38328                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5264.927996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.093489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.007997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.004008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0         5546                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9857                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0        44368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       709704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5214.780579                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.070173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.008012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.004028                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0         5548                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9911                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4715                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0        44384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       713592                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37720                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4956.534520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.008066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.003977                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0         5566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0        44528                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       703872                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36528                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5142.473487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.056495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.008054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.004028                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0         5576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9910                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4702                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0        44608                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       713520                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37616                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.002064                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          183                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26439                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13176                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211512                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.004720                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2251.128295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3631.192298                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1989.796332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3753.293568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1989.699849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3640.852048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000447                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1989.715084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3781.324706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000750                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1990.081526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3747.216437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1990.043364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3697.785701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000763                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1990.938679                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3436.202900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1990.285433                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3624.037034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1989.043104                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.025703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.010276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.008000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.008003                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.007997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.008012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.008066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.008054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.004584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2983.869983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3439.868805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.023325                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000462                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3228.863240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.011795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3211.371988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.009220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000759                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3393.471776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3455.594898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.009239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000772                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3255.956065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000150                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000505                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3191.567656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.009251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000146                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3256.248556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.009364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4691.016999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.000032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4781.645422                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.000030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4677.054736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4796.429678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.068364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4764.927999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.093489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4714.780582                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.070173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4456.534520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4642.473487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.056495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.004584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2483.869983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2939.868805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.023325                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000462                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2728.863240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.011795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2711.371988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.009220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000759                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2893.471776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  2955.594901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.009239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000772                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2755.956065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.009205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000150                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000505                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2691.567656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.009251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000146                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2756.248556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.009364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4191.017002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.000032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4281.645425                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.000030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4177.054736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4296.429678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.068364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4264.928002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.093489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4214.780585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.070173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3956.534520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.000011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4142.473487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.056495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.067339                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1642860                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90100                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1588482                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1546701                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2       825962                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       384975                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1149709                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     13142880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       720800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    114370704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12373608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6607696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27718200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9197672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         4928580                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       270300                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4855139                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      7117989                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1155333                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3527895                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         39428640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2162400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    349570008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     56943912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     83183976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     28223160                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5557441302500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.214197                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90100                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1598075                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1508245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       720800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    115061400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12065960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.532873                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1598075                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       825962                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       384975                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1123270                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12784600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6607696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     27718200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8986160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.073027                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       183535                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5006                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       124157                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114763                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1468280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        40048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       993256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3845376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       918104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.132599                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15401                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       172868                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       168276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        46064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       123208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12446496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1346208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063934                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       157411                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5629                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4852                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102197                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47477                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        99074                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1259288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       405288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       817576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3418344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       792592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.115722                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5629                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10892                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       151104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146651                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        45032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10879488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1173208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064259                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       155785                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4663                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        96586                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1246280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       402768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       830232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3476808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       772688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.114328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10942                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       149250                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       144977                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10746000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1159816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.078780                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       255073                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4716                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       100971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47686                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       196845                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2040584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       807768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3433392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1574760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.190049                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10573                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       248956                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       244637                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17924832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1957096                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.076737                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       249265                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4609                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98077                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192861                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1994120                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399312                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       784616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3322224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1542888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.185748                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       243314                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       239113                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        82368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17518608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1912904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.079505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       259119                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5548                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4647                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98529                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       200756                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2072952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       788232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3467520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1606048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.193310                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5548                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10234                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       253279                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       249015                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        81872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18236088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1992120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064731                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       171093                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5566                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4499                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        96071                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46141                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114948                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1368744                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35992                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       768568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3322152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       919584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.126464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5566                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10037                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       165300                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       161189                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44528                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        80296                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11901600                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1289512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065362                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       166794                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4638                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102181                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107437                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1334352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       401472                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37104                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       817448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3432384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       859496                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.122134                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11725                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       159443                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       155213                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11479896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1241704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003828                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4562                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3465                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        46064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       328464                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004689                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5941                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4969                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       427752                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39752                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003797                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5629                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        45032                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       327744                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004465                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5629                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       405288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003674                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5594                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4375                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44752                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       315000                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004426                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5594                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4631                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       402768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37048                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003706                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5568                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4425                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          106                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44544                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       318600                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004413                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5568                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4685                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37480                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003627                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5546                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4311                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          110                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       310392                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004389                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5546                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4575                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36600                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003662                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5548                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4363                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       314136                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004394                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5548                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4616                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399456                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36928                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003559                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4210                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44528                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       303120                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004395                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4466                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400752                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35728                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003644                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4334                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44608                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       312048                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004412                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4598                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       401472                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36784                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002120                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          183                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13176                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002009                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26439                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211512                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.152865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        90100                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1508382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1508245                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       720800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    108603504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12065960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.073027                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       183535                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5006                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       124157                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114763                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1468280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       414576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        40048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       993256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3845376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       918104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.063934                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       157411                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4852                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102197                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47477                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        99074                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1259288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       405288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       817576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3418344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       792592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.064259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       155785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4663                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103779                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48289                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        96586                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1246280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       402768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       830232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3476808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       772688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.078780                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       255073                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4716                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       100971                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47686                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       196845                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2040584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       807768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3433392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1574760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.076737                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       249265                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5546                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4609                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98077                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46142                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192861                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1994120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       784616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3322224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1542888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.079505                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       259119                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5548                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4647                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2        98529                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        48160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       200756                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2072952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       788232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3467520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1606048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.064731                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       171093                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5566                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4499                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2        96071                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46141                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114948                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1368744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       768568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3322152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       919584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.065362                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       166794                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4638                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       102181                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107437                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1334352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       401472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       817448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3432384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       859496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.003828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4562                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3465                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0        46064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       328464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.003797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0         5629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0        45032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       327744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.003674                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0         5594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4375                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0        44752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       315000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.003706                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0         5568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4425                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1          106                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0        44544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       318600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.003627                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0         5546                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4311                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1          110                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0        44368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       310392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.003662                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0         5548                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4363                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0        44384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       314136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.003559                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0         5566                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4210                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0        44528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       303120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.003644                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0         5576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4334                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0        44608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       312048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.002120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          183                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3932282                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.783193                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.377435                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3547313     90.21%     90.21% |           6      0.00%     90.21% |           0      0.00%     90.21% |           0      0.00%     90.21% |      384958      9.79%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3932282                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3188871                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000033                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.014211                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3188849    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3188871                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         90100                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       90100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           90100                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     38247667                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.264673                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.034965                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.074921                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    38246188    100.00%    100.00% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |        1001      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      38247667                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37806561                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37806561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37806561                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       441106                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.949441                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.686558                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.802592                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      439627     99.66%     99.66% |         204      0.05%     99.71% |         204      0.05%     99.76% |          27      0.01%     99.76% |        1001      0.23%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       441106                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     22327036                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.613889                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.049091                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.274000                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    22322304     99.98%     99.98% |         838      0.00%     99.98% |        1033      0.00%     99.99% |         192      0.00%     99.99% |        2523      0.01%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      22327036                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21990209                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21990209    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21990209                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       336827                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.692468                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.967477                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   117.615581                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      332095     98.60%     98.60% |         838      0.25%     98.84% |        1033      0.31%     99.15% |         192      0.06%     99.21% |        2523      0.75%     99.96% |         119      0.04%     99.99% |          27      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       336827                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    217524679                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.064646                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010147                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.083548                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   217523352    100.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |        1175      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    217524679                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    216752681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   216752681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    216752681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       771998                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.215186                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.195912                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.461501                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      770671     99.83%     99.83% |          56      0.01%     99.84% |          34      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.00%     99.84% |        1175      0.15%     99.99% |          54      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       771998                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1304272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.690361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.113632                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.498701                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1304256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1304272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1257173                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1257173    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1257173                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        47099                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.117582                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.695895                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.023108                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       47083     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.97% |          13      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        47099                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2478                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.978208                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     3.530312                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.353438                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        1433     57.83%     57.83% |           0      0.00%     57.83% |           0      0.00%     57.83% |           0      0.00%     57.83% |          42      1.69%     59.52% |        1003     40.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2478                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1433                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1433    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1433                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1045                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.918660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.907861                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.628266                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          42      4.02%      4.02% |        1003     95.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1045                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2478                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2478    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2478                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2478                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2478    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        5758     12.86%     12.86% |        5629     12.57%     25.43% |        5594     12.49%     37.92% |        5568     12.43%     50.35% |        5546     12.38%     62.73% |        5548     12.39%     75.12% |        5566     12.43%     87.55% |        5576     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        44785                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        4562     12.99%     12.99% |        4552     12.96%     25.94% |        4375     12.45%     38.40% |        4425     12.60%     50.99% |        4311     12.27%     63.26% |        4363     12.42%     75.68% |        4210     11.98%     87.66% |        4334     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        35132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        5806     12.95%     12.95% |        5629     12.56%     25.51% |        5594     12.48%     37.98% |        5568     12.42%     50.40% |        5546     12.37%     62.77% |        5548     12.37%     75.15% |        5566     12.41%     87.56% |        5576     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        44833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7677     12.77%     12.77% |        7667     12.75%     25.52% |        7503     12.48%     38.00% |        7553     12.56%     50.56% |        7439     12.37%     62.94% |        7491     12.46%     75.40% |        7336     12.20%     87.60% |        7456     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        60122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          183                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        3282     12.50%     12.50% |        3282     12.50%     25.00% |        3282     12.50%     37.50% |        3282     12.50%     50.00% |        3282     12.50%     62.50% |        3282     12.50%     75.00% |        3282     12.50%     87.50% |        3282     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        26256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         105     12.71%     12.71% |         100     12.11%     24.82% |         102     12.35%     37.17% |         106     12.83%     50.00% |         110     13.32%     63.32% |          99     11.99%     75.30% |         100     12.11%     87.41% |         104     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          826                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        5758     12.86%     12.86% |        5629     12.57%     25.43% |        5594     12.49%     37.92% |        5568     12.43%     50.35% |        5546     12.38%     62.73% |        5548     12.39%     75.12% |        5566     12.43%     87.55% |        5576     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        44785                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        3115     12.46%     12.46% |        3115     12.46%     24.93% |        3128     12.52%     37.45% |        3128     12.52%     49.96% |        3128     12.52%     62.48% |        3128     12.52%     75.00% |        3126     12.51%     87.51% |        3122     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        24990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        3115     12.46%     12.46% |        3115     12.46%     24.93% |        3128     12.52%     37.45% |        3128     12.52%     49.96% |        3128     12.52%     62.48% |        3128     12.52%     75.00% |        3126     12.51%     87.51% |        3122     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        24990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        4260     12.63%     12.63% |        4385     13.00%     25.63% |        4221     12.51%     38.14% |        4271     12.66%     50.80% |        4157     12.32%     63.13% |        4209     12.48%     75.61% |        4054     12.02%     87.63% |        4174     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        33731                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         167     13.19%     13.19% |         167     13.19%     26.38% |         154     12.16%     38.55% |         154     12.16%     50.71% |         154     12.16%     62.88% |         154     12.16%     75.04% |         156     12.32%     87.36% |         160     12.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         105     12.71%     12.71% |         100     12.11%     24.82% |         102     12.35%     37.17% |         106     12.83%     50.00% |         110     13.32%     63.32% |          99     11.99%     75.30% |         100     12.11%     87.41% |         104     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          826                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        5758     12.86%     12.86% |        5629     12.57%     25.43% |        5594     12.49%     37.92% |        5568     12.43%     50.35% |        5546     12.38%     62.73% |        5548     12.39%     75.12% |        5566     12.43%     87.55% |        5576     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        44785                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        4260     12.63%     12.63% |        4385     13.00%     25.63% |        4221     12.51%     38.14% |        4271     12.66%     50.80% |        4157     12.32%     63.13% |        4209     12.48%     75.61% |        4054     12.02%     87.63% |        4174     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        33731                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         167     13.19%     13.19% |         167     13.19%     26.38% |         154     12.16%     38.55% |         154     12.16%     50.71% |         154     12.16%     62.88% |         154     12.16%     75.04% |         156     12.32%     87.36% |         160     12.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         167     13.19%     13.19% |         167     13.19%     26.38% |         154     12.16%     38.55% |         154     12.16%     50.71% |         154     12.16%     62.88% |         154     12.16%     75.04% |         156     12.32%     87.36% |         160     12.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1266                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          183                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            183                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          183                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          183                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        26256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    38247696    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     38247696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   217524716    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    217524716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    23636264    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     23636264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         407    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1508362    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1508362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       89693    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        89693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      440991    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       440991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1157084    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1157084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1508245    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1508245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |      440511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total       440511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |      771416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total       771416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |      295271    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total       295271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      441106    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       441106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      771998    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       771998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      295259    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       295259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         271    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         117    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    12935736    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     12935736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   216752681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    216752681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |       89693    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        89693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1123270    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1123270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    24870825    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     24870825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23251293    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23251293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      384975    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       384975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          29    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          37    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      440991    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       440991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      772113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       772113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |     1123270    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total      1123270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load |      440511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load::total       440511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch |      771416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch::total       771416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      384971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       384971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store |      295271    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store::total       295271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |       89693    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total        89693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      384975    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       384975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       59378      7.69%      7.69% |       55212      7.15%     14.84% |       51930      6.73%     21.57% |      154074     19.96%     41.53% |      151187     19.58%     61.11% |      160589     20.80%     81.91% |       75016      9.72%     91.63% |       64612      8.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       771998                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       70627     16.01%     16.01% |       54731     12.41%     28.42% |       55579     12.60%     41.02% |       53335     12.09%     53.11% |       51953     11.78%     64.89% |       50394     11.42%     76.31% |       49954     11.32%     87.64% |       54533     12.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       441106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       53530     13.90%     13.90% |       47468     12.33%     26.24% |       48276     12.54%     38.78% |       47664     12.38%     51.16% |       46125     11.98%     63.14% |       48136     12.50%     75.64% |       46123     11.98%     87.62% |       47649     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       384971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      168171     11.15%     11.15% |      146551      9.72%     20.87% |      144875      9.61%     30.47% |      244531     16.21%     46.69% |      239003     15.85%     62.53% |      248916     16.50%     79.04% |      161089     10.68%     89.72% |      155109     10.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1508245                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        4260     12.63%     12.63% |        4385     13.00%     25.63% |        4221     12.51%     38.14% |        4271     12.66%     50.80% |        4157     12.32%     63.13% |        4209     12.48%     75.61% |        4054     12.02%     87.63% |        4174     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        33731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |         105     12.71%     12.71% |         100     12.11%     24.82% |         102     12.35%     37.17% |         106     12.83%     50.00% |         110     13.32%     63.32% |          99     11.99%     75.30% |         100     12.11%     87.41% |         104     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          826                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |        5758     12.86%     12.86% |        5629     12.57%     25.43% |        5594     12.49%     37.92% |        5568     12.43%     50.35% |        5546     12.38%     62.73% |        5548     12.39%     75.12% |        5566     12.43%     87.55% |        5576     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total        44785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        4667     12.98%     12.98% |        4652     12.94%     25.92% |        4477     12.45%     38.37% |        4531     12.60%     50.97% |        4421     12.29%     63.26% |        4462     12.41%     75.67% |        4310     11.99%     87.66% |        4438     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total        35958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         135     99.26%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           1      0.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          37     13.65%     13.65% |          33     12.18%     25.83% |          32     11.81%     37.64% |          31     11.44%     49.08% |          34     12.55%     61.62% |          31     11.44%     73.06% |          33     12.18%     85.24% |          40     14.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      124157     15.03%     15.03% |      102197     12.37%     27.40% |      103779     12.56%     39.97% |      100971     12.22%     52.19% |       98077     11.87%     64.07% |       98529     11.93%     76.00% |       96071     11.63%     87.63% |      102181     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       825962                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         604     21.56%     21.56% |         334     11.92%     33.48% |         308     10.99%     44.47% |         308     10.99%     55.46% |         308     10.99%     66.45% |         308     10.99%     77.44% |         312     11.13%     88.58% |         320     11.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         2802                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         352     12.20%     12.20% |         373     12.93%     25.13% |         378     13.10%     38.23% |         354     12.27%     50.50% |         338     11.72%     62.22% |         346     11.99%     74.21% |         367     12.72%     86.93% |         377     13.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         2885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        1118     12.99%     12.99% |        1097     12.75%     25.74% |        1073     12.47%     38.21% |        1068     12.41%     50.62% |        1088     12.64%     63.26% |        1057     12.28%     75.54% |        1051     12.21%     87.75% |        1054     12.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total         8606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4288     12.88%     12.88% |        4159     12.49%     25.37% |        4143     12.44%     37.81% |        4146     12.45%     50.27% |        4120     12.37%     62.64% |        4145     12.45%     75.09% |        4148     12.46%     87.55% |        4145     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        33294                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       59025      7.67%      7.67% |       54839      7.13%     14.80% |       51549      6.70%     21.51% |      153720     19.99%     41.49% |      150848     19.61%     61.11% |      160241     20.83%     81.94% |       74647      9.71%     91.65% |       64235      8.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       769104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.74%      1.74% |          76     66.09%     67.83% |          28     24.35%     92.17% |           1      0.87%     93.04% |           1      0.87%     93.91% |           6      5.22%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |       59378      7.69%      7.69% |       55214      7.15%     14.84% |       52007      6.74%     21.58% |      154102     19.96%     41.54% |      151188     19.58%     61.12% |      160590     20.80%     81.92% |       75022      9.72%     91.63% |       64613      8.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total       772114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          37     13.65%     13.65% |          33     12.18%     25.83% |          32     11.81%     37.64% |          31     11.44%     49.08% |          34     12.55%     61.62% |          31     11.44%     73.06% |          33     12.18%     85.24% |          40     14.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           3     33.33%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       69509     16.08%     16.08% |       53632     12.40%     28.48% |       54430     12.59%     41.07% |       52239     12.08%     53.15% |       50864     11.76%     64.91% |       49336     11.41%     76.32% |       48897     11.31%     87.63% |       53478     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       432385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       34013     12.98%     12.98% |       32450     12.39%     25.37% |       33223     12.68%     38.05% |       32976     12.59%     50.64% |       31743     12.12%     62.75% |       33788     12.90%     75.65% |       31972     12.20%     87.85% |       31819     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       261984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4260     12.63%     12.63% |        4385     13.00%     25.63% |        4221     12.51%     38.14% |        4271     12.66%     50.80% |        4157     12.32%     63.13% |        4209     12.48%     75.61% |        4054     12.02%     87.63% |        4174     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        33731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          68     12.25%     12.25% |          67     12.07%     24.32% |          70     12.61%     36.94% |          75     13.51%     50.45% |          76     13.69%     64.14% |          68     12.25%     76.40% |          67     12.07%     88.47% |          64     11.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          555                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         167     13.20%     13.20% |         167     13.20%     26.40% |         154     12.17%     38.58% |         154     12.17%     50.75% |         154     12.17%     62.92% |         154     12.17%     75.10% |         155     12.25%     87.35% |         160     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1265                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       15229     16.98%     16.98% |       10859     12.11%     29.09% |       10910     12.16%     41.25% |       10542     11.75%     53.00% |       10262     11.44%     64.44% |       10203     11.38%     75.82% |       10003     11.15%     86.97% |       11685     13.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        89693                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      108793     14.78%     14.78% |       91337     12.41%     27.19% |       92868     12.62%     39.80% |       90429     12.28%     52.09% |       87815     11.93%     64.02% |       88326     12.00%     76.01% |       86067     11.69%     87.71% |       90496     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       736131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         135     99.26%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           1      0.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        4667     12.98%     12.98% |        4652     12.94%     25.92% |        4477     12.45%     38.37% |        4531     12.60%     50.97% |        4421     12.29%     63.26% |        4462     12.41%     75.67% |        4310     11.99%     87.66% |        4438     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total        35958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         167     13.20%     13.20% |         167     13.20%     26.40% |         154     12.17%     38.58% |         154     12.17%     50.75% |         154     12.17%     62.92% |         154     12.17%     75.10% |         155     12.25%     87.35% |         160     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1265                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         135     99.26%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           1      0.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         135     99.26%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           1      0.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          37     13.65%     13.65% |          33     12.18%     25.83% |          32     11.81%     37.64% |          31     11.44%     49.08% |          34     12.55%     61.62% |          31     11.44%     73.06% |          33     12.18%     85.24% |          40     14.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        1118     12.99%     12.99% |        1097     12.75%     25.74% |        1073     12.47%     38.21% |        1068     12.41%     50.62% |        1088     12.64%     63.26% |        1057     12.28%     75.54% |        1051     12.21%     87.75% |        1054     12.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total         8606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         352     12.20%     12.20% |         373     12.93%     25.13% |         378     13.10%     38.23% |         354     12.27%     50.50% |         338     11.72%     62.22% |         346     11.99%     74.21% |         367     12.72%     86.93% |         377     13.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         2885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4288     12.88%     12.88% |        4159     12.49%     25.37% |        4143     12.44%     37.81% |        4146     12.45%     50.27% |        4120     12.37%     62.64% |        4145     12.45%     75.09% |        4148     12.46%     87.55% |        4145     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        33294                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      124157     15.03%     15.03% |      102197     12.37%     27.40% |      103779     12.56%     39.97% |      100971     12.22%     52.19% |       98077     11.87%     64.07% |       98529     11.93%     76.00% |       96071     11.63%     87.63% |      102181     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total       825962                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
