
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.338820                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                338820000500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5567216890500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 743785                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1362301                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              840030579                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6076736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   403.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     549473803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2027008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2027008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2375296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2375296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        31672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              31672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        37114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             37114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5982551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5982551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7010495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             7010495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12993046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            12993046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      31672                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     37114                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    31672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   37114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2003328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  23680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2369088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2027008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2375296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   97                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       30                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 338419773500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                31672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               37114                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  31299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  2076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  2208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  2204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  2195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  2217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  2173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  2161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  2095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  2055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        17679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.322586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.901847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.141910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5192     29.37%     29.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4936     27.92%     57.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3348     18.94%     76.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2397     13.56%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          853      4.82%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          186      1.05%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          117      0.66%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      0.58%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          547      3.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        17679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.840081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.314315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            284     14.37%     14.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             24      1.21%     15.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            21      1.06%     16.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           27      1.37%     18.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1270     64.27%     82.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          207     10.48%     92.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           65      3.29%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           34      1.72%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           18      0.91%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           10      0.51%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.15%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.15%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.10%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.10%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.15%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.733300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.775365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.335510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1664     84.21%     84.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           37      1.87%     86.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           12      0.61%     86.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           10      0.51%     87.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           25      1.27%     88.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           21      1.06%     89.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           47      2.38%     91.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           30      1.52%     93.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           22      1.11%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           13      0.66%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.51%     95.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            9      0.46%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.61%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.25%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            7      0.35%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            8      0.40%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.86%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.15%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.05%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            9      0.46%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.05%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.10%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.05%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::114-115            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1731885500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2318798000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 156510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    55328.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               74078.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     7.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   22527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  28113                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               75.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4919893.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               103908420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                55228635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              232299900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             116719200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        8874786960.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2923391490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           512963040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    22190472210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12386830080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316662108530                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1364061706245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           245.016807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        334255998000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    481849750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1769778000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298122459000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15183664750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1906344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22264428500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                97346760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                51741030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              232050000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             118222560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        8191921920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2782994220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           444566880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    21384480240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11075335680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317795493560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1362176338500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           244.678152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        336856033750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    409004750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1712028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 301278365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14504699500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1874381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22408547750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2005376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2005376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2377152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2377152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        31334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              31334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        37143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             37143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5918706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5918706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7015973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             7015973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12934679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            12934679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      31334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     37143                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    31334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   37143                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1990528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  14848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2377856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2005376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2377152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      114                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 340868118500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                31334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               37143                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  31102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  2038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  2102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  2128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  2080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  2167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  2197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  2281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  2074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  2027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  2001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        17173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   254.375124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.796797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   218.911791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4852     28.25%     28.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4717     27.47%     55.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3291     19.16%     74.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2473     14.40%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          822      4.79%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          211      1.23%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      0.70%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      0.63%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          578      3.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        17173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.024717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.990812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            241     12.41%     12.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             21      1.08%     13.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            20      1.03%     14.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           25      1.29%     15.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1296     66.74%     82.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          194      9.99%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           75      3.86%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           37      1.91%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           10      0.51%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.46%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.15%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.15%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.10%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.131823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.819703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.929314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1696     87.33%     87.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           14      0.72%     88.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           32      1.65%     89.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           58      2.99%     92.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           31      1.60%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           23      1.18%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           15      0.77%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            9      0.46%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           20      1.03%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            8      0.41%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            7      0.36%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.15%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.10%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.21%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.21%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.10%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.10%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.10%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1653337994                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2236500494                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 155510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    53158.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               71908.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        7.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     7.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22590                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  28493                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               76.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4977848.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               101716440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                54063570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              233228100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             117460440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        8780747040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2933573970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           528367200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    22013043180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12127657920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316888100285                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1363780379115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           244.966274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        336834661750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    518430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1778254000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 300767027000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15227353250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1959468500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22154212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                94083780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                50006715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              229536720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             117726660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        8013061680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2866060890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           438378720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20784105510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10733520000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318268056305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1361596583070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           244.574014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        336672674250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    409045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1684184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 302122999500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14236895500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2093441500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21630216000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2002688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2002688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2360256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2360256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        31292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              31292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        36879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             36879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5910773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5910773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6966106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             6966106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12876879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12876879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      31292                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     36879                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    31292                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   36879                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1988096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  14592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2360192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2002688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2360256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      104                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 339500457500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                31292                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               36879                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  31064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  2081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  2110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  2097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  2066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  2097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  2201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  2275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  2086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  2022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        17265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.855662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.680578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   217.556253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4952     28.68%     28.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4782     27.70%     56.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3184     18.44%     74.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2478     14.35%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          895      5.18%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          202      1.17%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          109      0.63%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      0.60%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          560      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        17265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.085966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.252233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            244     12.64%     12.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             24      1.24%     13.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            23      1.19%     15.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           21      1.09%     16.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1267     65.61%     81.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          205     10.62%     92.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           71      3.68%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           35      1.81%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      0.67%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           12      0.62%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.21%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.05%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.097877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.838116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.582871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1678     86.90%     86.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           13      0.67%     87.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           33      1.71%     89.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           62      3.21%     92.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           37      1.92%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           27      1.40%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           16      0.83%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.31%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           24      1.24%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.10%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            5      0.26%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.21%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.10%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.16%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.21%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            3      0.16%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1665138992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2247588992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 155320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    53603.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               72353.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        6.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     6.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   22686                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  27991                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               75.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4980130.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               100174200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                53243850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              231378840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             116030160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        8695926720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2918647380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           530687520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21633916230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12030398880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317157623990                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1363470744660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.910657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        335207903750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    519210250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1764438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 299583987750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15062162750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2004175250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21875060500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                94383660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                50166105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              228522840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             117021960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        7974339360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2796332790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           453030240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20557508280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10699436640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318452089850                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1361424705225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.543141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        336735879500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    432454250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1666794000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 302721967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14208070500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2005929000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21139102750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2001728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2001728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2377088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2377088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        31277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              31277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        37142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             37142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5907939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5907939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7015784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             7015784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12923723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            12923723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      31277                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     37142                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    31277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   37142                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1987328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  14400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2377216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2001728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2377088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       84                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 338691460500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                31277                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               37142                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  31052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  2044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  2109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  2112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  2070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  2156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  2123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  2213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  2310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  2087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  2050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  2046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  2030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  2009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        17159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   254.362609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.606537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   218.048945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4883     28.46%     28.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4634     27.01%     55.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3212     18.72%     74.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2526     14.72%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          911      5.31%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          235      1.37%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           96      0.56%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           95      0.55%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          567      3.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        17159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.964010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.953940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            244     12.54%     12.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             22      1.13%     13.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            23      1.18%     14.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           25      1.29%     16.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1310     67.35%     83.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          174      8.95%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           74      3.80%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           38      1.95%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           11      0.57%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            7      0.36%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            6      0.31%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.26%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.097172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.838468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.622028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1690     86.89%     86.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           12      0.62%     87.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           29      1.49%     89.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           65      3.34%     92.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           53      2.72%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           15      0.77%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           13      0.67%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-47           10      0.51%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           22      1.13%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.21%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.26%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            4      0.21%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.10%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.10%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            6      0.31%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1671421000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2253646000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 155260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    53826.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               72576.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        7.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     7.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   22694                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  28344                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               76.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4950254.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                99810060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                53050305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              232499820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             117350820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        8601886800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2840872020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           527963520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21404790480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11864962560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317418059630                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1363163698395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.855504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        334547363000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    499691500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1749576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 297945867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14976316500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1910376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21739497250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                92948520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                49403310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              229015500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             117413460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        7933158480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2819405820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           449515200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20472273330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10587348960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318550957160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1361304502830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.521550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        337012419000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    430913750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1661588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 303141122250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14182373250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2062240250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21017512250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1999232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1999232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2362752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        2362752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        31238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              31238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        36918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             36918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5900573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              5900573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      6973473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             6973473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     12874045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            12874045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      31238                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     36918                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    31238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   36918                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1985408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  13824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                2362752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1999232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             2362752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             2037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             2010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             2411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             2296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             2348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             2208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             2122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             2119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             2325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             2418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            2542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            2470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            2184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            2430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            2328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       77                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 341088580500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                31238                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               36918                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  31022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  2023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  2062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  2105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  2100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  2066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  2150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  2194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  2277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  2107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  2046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  2000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        16902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.257129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   184.158108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.608563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4758     28.15%     28.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4661     27.58%     55.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2984     17.65%     73.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2466     14.59%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1035      6.12%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          223      1.32%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          111      0.66%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      0.61%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          561      3.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        16902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.139958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.240760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            237     12.33%     12.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             17      0.88%     13.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            25      1.30%     14.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           24      1.25%     15.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1281     66.65%     82.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          180      9.37%     91.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           86      4.47%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           34      1.77%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      0.68%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           10      0.52%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.10%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.10%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.208117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.868902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.083441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1667     86.73%     86.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           18      0.94%     87.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           36      1.87%     89.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           57      2.97%     92.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           37      1.93%     94.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           24      1.25%     95.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           14      0.73%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-47           11      0.57%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           18      0.94%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            7      0.36%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.21%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.16%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.16%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.21%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            3      0.16%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            4      0.21%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.10%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1651432750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             2233095250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 155110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    53234.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               71984.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        5.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        6.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     5.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     6.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   22795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  28243                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                73.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               76.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   5004527.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                99267420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                52761885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              231557340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             116322480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        8601272160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2845246770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           519575520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21214839690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11954238240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317479534670                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1363117090365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.847132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        336993393250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    494309750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1732646000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 302033499000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15139811000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1870469250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21132141500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                91963200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                48879600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              228615660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             116954100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        7950983040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2807382240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           452817120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20384085780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10678130400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318559863395                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1361321645325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           244.524629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        336896387750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    431552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1660160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 303398226500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14246196500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2003244250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20749249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1999168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1999168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2369728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        2369728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        31237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              31237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        37027                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             37027                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5900384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              5900384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      6994062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             6994062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     12894445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            12894445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      31237                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     37027                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    31237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   37027                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1987136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  12032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                2369600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1999168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             2369728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   188                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             2047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             2002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             2325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             2162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             2181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            2595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            2467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            2195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            2425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            2306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                      108                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 339633143000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                31237                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               37027                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  31049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  2105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  2095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  2088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  2165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  2215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  2302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  2090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  2058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  2048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  2028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        16962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.852730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.485268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.532250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4860     28.65%     28.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4570     26.94%     55.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2963     17.47%     73.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2544     15.00%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1033      6.09%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          202      1.19%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          131      0.77%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           91      0.54%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          568      3.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        16962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.135135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.853603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            231     12.01%     12.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             24      1.25%     13.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            13      0.68%     13.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           27      1.40%     15.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1289     67.00%     82.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          200     10.40%     92.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           70      3.64%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           27      1.40%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           20      1.04%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.42%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.16%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.16%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.243763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.878555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.243966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1671     86.85%     86.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           16      0.83%     87.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           33      1.72%     89.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           57      2.96%     92.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           42      2.18%     94.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           21      1.09%     95.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           12      0.62%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.31%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           22      1.14%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            6      0.31%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.16%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.36%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.16%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.21%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.21%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.10%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.10%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.10%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            3      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1674992000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             2257160750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 155245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    53946.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               72696.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        5.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        6.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     5.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     6.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   22885                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  28227                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                73.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               76.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   4975289.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   75.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy               100859640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                53608170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              232264200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             116724420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        8676258240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2904550710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           524616000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21464969940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12042464640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317260592330                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1363379144370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.894203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        335425954000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    510924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1739374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 299513680500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15256053000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1956891000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20847033000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                92141700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                48974475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              228672780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             116990640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        7961431920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2913083040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           456526080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20274996900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10783425120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318482649725                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1361361298410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           244.531752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        336842238500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    452981250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1672004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 303213320750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14569166000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2219458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20396670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2001856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           2001856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2349696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        2349696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        31279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              31279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        36714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             36714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5908317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              5908317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      6934939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             6934939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     12843256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            12843256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      31279                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     36714                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    31279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   36714                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1991680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  10176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                2350400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                2001856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             2349696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             2051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             2403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             2287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             2328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             2300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             2118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             2108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             2408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            2528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            2464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            2188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       95                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 337496942000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                31279                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               36714                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  31120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  2085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  2110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  2085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  2047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  2114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  2099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  2205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  2296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  2087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  2056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  2053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        17000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.420235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.113797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   218.303218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4854     28.55%     28.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4626     27.21%     55.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3070     18.06%     73.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2410     14.18%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1079      6.35%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          214      1.26%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          104      0.61%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           92      0.54%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          551      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        17000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.274438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.382991                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            237     12.39%     12.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             20      1.05%     13.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            21      1.10%     14.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.94%     15.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1269     66.34%     81.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          200     10.45%     92.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           69      3.61%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           34      1.78%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.78%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.42%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.31%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.10%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.197595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.849356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.239810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1661     86.83%     86.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           20      1.05%     87.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           34      1.78%     89.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           56      2.93%     92.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           41      2.14%     94.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           20      1.05%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           11      0.58%     96.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.31%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           26      1.36%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.21%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            6      0.31%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.21%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.21%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.10%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.16%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.10%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.10%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            3      0.16%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1706488500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             2289988500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 155600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    54835.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               73585.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        5.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        6.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     5.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     6.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   22987                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  27859                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                73.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               75.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   4963701.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   74.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                99860040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                53076870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              231228900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             115743060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        8675643600.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2874792720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           527358240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21048059970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12234520320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317409363005                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1363272060165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.874968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        333345002750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    507981750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1756224000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298323909250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15647588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1900695250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20684318750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                91713300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                48746775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              227980200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             116150220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        7928856000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2783796780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           451238400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19982798370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10863319200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318681890540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1361178130305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           244.498850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        336698147000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    448706500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1678224000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 302999690500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14891257250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2043448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20123216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2001472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           2001472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2355200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        2355200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        31273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              31273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        36800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             36800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5907184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              5907184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      6951184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             6951184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     12858367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            12858367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      31273                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     36800                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    31273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   36800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1991296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  10176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                2355072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                2001472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             2355200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             2384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             2280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             2319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             2312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             2204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             2131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             2175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             2405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            2571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            2453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            2192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                      113                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 337496897500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                31273                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               36800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  31114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  2084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  2117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  2091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  2056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  2136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  2109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  2253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  2083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  2029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  2024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                   125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        16982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.943470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.213446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.924849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4951     29.15%     29.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4533     26.69%     55.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3002     17.68%     73.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2342     13.79%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1196      7.04%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          188      1.11%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          105      0.62%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          101      0.59%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          564      3.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        16982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.278912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.022101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            230     12.04%     12.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             17      0.89%     12.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            23      1.20%     14.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           23      1.20%     15.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1258     65.83%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          208     10.88%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           71      3.72%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           41      2.15%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.78%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            7      0.37%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.21%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.21%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.10%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.255887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.412078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1664     87.07%     87.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           17      0.89%     87.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           33      1.73%     89.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           53      2.77%     92.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           35      1.83%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           25      1.31%     95.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           11      0.58%     96.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            8      0.42%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           20      1.05%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.10%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.21%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.16%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           12      0.63%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.16%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.21%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.10%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.10%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.10%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.10%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1712515499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             2295902999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 155570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    55040.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               73790.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        5.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        6.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     5.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     6.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   23036                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  27895                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                74.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               75.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   4957867.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   74.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy               100616880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                53479140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              232221360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             116223300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        8544110640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2841588510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           496510560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    20924468010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11944455840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317655281495                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1362910967295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.810108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        333397995750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    479929000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1720866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298997410500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15245804250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1911293000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20464784750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                90899340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                48314145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              228351480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             116353800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        7986632160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2841062400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           447285600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19871650650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10990198560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318673909790                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1361296630065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           244.520136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        336519552250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    437773000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1701712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 302746653500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15243911750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2088738500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19963428250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41418673                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   23421375                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        80513                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        30510                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  211152709                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        18373                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 46                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    506135927.130435                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   970318316.229097                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           23    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       680001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3209378500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   331748517175                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  11641126324                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       677640001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157610134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276802399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            214668513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              71374058                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4687070                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14625562                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   214668513                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     71374058                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          457972636                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         161483666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           144015803                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           68317633                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           114310298                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           65064311                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     64451794                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   41066802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  23384992                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              23282252.647931                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              654357748.352069                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.965642                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.034358                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         21103430                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3327068      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                159338689     57.56%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  483581      0.17%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   165082      0.06%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               49046251     17.72%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                31322527     11.32%     88.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20628651      7.45%     95.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            9744228      3.52%     99.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2756341      1.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276812418                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7518                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7518                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         8750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        27518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   29418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        17500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        30646                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    34446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              8434500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              6880990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4012500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             4418229                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1425401                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            20517500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13208758                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.407694                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.760389                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12535325     94.90%     94.90% |        1085      0.01%     94.91% |           8      0.00%     94.91% |          12      0.00%     94.91% |      671154      5.08%     99.99% |         938      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13208758                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    276368180                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001058                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000734                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.032511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   276075768     99.89%     99.89% |      292412      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    276368180                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      276368180                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.360936                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.032197                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.648956                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   276337048     99.99%     99.99% |        6058      0.00%     99.99% |        8345      0.00%     99.99% |        3339      0.00%    100.00% |       12364      0.00%    100.00% |         841      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        276368180                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    273523982                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   273523982    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    273523982                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2844198                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.071809                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.742460                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    99.003197                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2813066     98.91%     98.91% |        6058      0.21%     99.12% |        8345      0.29%     99.41% |        3339      0.12%     99.53% |       12364      0.43%     99.96% |         841      0.03%     99.99% |         175      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2844198                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5577.437861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.037834                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.013548                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5615.994227                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.013451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5497.947109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5667.317050                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.424615                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5623.312544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5531.609335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5480.506508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5512.532508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.673772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000727                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     63784847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1448997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     65233844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    209739135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses      1395201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    211134336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.408582                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.012750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           64                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.004016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      2722501                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams      2721426                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested      2721426                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.016429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000379                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008214                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3823.030276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          1122                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4389.522727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       307471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       358738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   943.258932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.042041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4396.987752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       310167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        46216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       356383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001554                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   942.835853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.023709                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4384.423362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       301140                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        45678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       346818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001514                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   947.466295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4393.416265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       299558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        46123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       345681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001507                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   947.126784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4425.087366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       303649                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        44759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       348408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001524                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   945.917145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4372.629909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       323076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        45466                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       368542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001611                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   950.987755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4360.689574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       319293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        44754                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       364047                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001593                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   946.997126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021418                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4414.213563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       307669                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       355581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   946.897680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021624                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.008215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3323.030276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.012178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1917.077094                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.002138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.506426                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      2844198                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128513                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2844198                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2728865                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1448882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       670014                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2052254                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     22753584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1028104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    204782256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21830920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     11591056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48241008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16418032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3889.522724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.042041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3010.282647                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1443.259719                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.208082                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       390286                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20780                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       397684                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       373291                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       209045                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        90859                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       247939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      3122288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28633248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2986328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1672360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6541848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1983512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3896.987752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.023709                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3064.463914                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1442.836167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.205471                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       387717                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15715                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399981                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       375598                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       183932                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83140                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258358                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      3101736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28798632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3004784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1471456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5986080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2066864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3884.423362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2911.052630                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1447.466336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.201773                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       378110                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15202                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       390592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       366268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       184718                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84641                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       247790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3024880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       121616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28122624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2930144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1477744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6094152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1982320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3893.416265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3133.631196                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1447.127708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.199785                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       376958                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       389243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       364658                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       171393                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81580                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       249254                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3015664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       124928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28025496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2917264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1371144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5873760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1994032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3925.087366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3088.876208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1445.917215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.200859                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       379646                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14323                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       393032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       368615                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       167943                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       254671                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3037168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28298304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2948920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1343544                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5775408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2037368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3872.629909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2974.094153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1450.987773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.211252                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       399779                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412566                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       388112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       178158                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84699                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       269612                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3198232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       120424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29704752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3104896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1425264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6098328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2156896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3860.689574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021418                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2912.208931                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1446.999621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.207972                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       395326                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14326                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       408556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       384227                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       168481                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80908                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       269662                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3162608                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114608                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29416032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3073816                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1347848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5825376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2157296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3914.213563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021624                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2955.492990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1446.900713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.204614                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       386854                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       397010                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       372806                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       185212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83973                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       254968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3094832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       139984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28584720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2982448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1481696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6046056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2039744                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5077.437864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.013548                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.038024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.022764                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        31548                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33651                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10557                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       252384                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4248576                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       269208                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5115.994230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.014470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.022554                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        31334                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58480                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33267                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       250672                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4210560                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       266136                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4997.947109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.022437                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        31292                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33021                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       250336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4187520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       264168                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5167.317047                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.424615                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.022520                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        31277                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33054                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       250216                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4205376                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       264432                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5123.312547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011272                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.022427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        31238                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58145                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32928                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       249904                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4186440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       263424                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5031.609338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011350                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.022465                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        31237                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32977                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       249896                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4194216                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       263816                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4980.506508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.022371                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        31279                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57984                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32806                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       250232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4174848                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       262448                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5012.532508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.673772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011402                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.022406                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        31273                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58068                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33006                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       250184                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4180896                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       264048                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.006156                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          343                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82055                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656440                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.008214                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2417.077094                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3510.282644                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.001045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1943.259719                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3564.463911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.001052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1942.836167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3411.052630                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1947.466336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3633.631199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.001021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1947.127707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3588.876205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.001032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1945.917215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3474.094150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.001090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1950.987773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3412.208931                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.001078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1946.999620                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3455.492990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.001044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1946.900712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.038024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.014470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.011216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.011522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.011272                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.011350                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.011477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.011402                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.008035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2934.082920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.001029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3389.522721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.042041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.001030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3396.987752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.023709                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.001002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3384.423362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.020893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3393.416265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.020384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.001008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3425.087366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.020746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.001067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3372.629909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.020995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.001055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3360.689574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.021418                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3414.213563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.021624                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4577.437867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.013548                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4615.994233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4497.947109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4667.317044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.424615                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4623.312550                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4531.609340                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4480.506508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4512.532508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.673772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.008044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2434.082920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.001029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2889.522718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.042041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.001030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2896.987752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.023709                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.001002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2884.423362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.020893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2893.416265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.020384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.001008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  2925.087366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.020746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.001067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2872.629909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.020995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.001055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2860.689574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.021418                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.001025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2914.213563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.021624                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4077.437870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.013548                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4115.994236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  3997.947109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.000041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4167.317041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.424615                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4123.312553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4031.609343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3980.506508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4012.532508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.673772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.126613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      3094676                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128513                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3189007                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2993575                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1448882                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       670014                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2134309                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     24757408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1028104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    229608504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23948600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     11591056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48241008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17074472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         9284028                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       385539                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      9688718                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13327371                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2010699                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      6648063                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         74272224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3084312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    697587696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    106618968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    144770328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     53184504                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5567216890500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     2.099091                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128513                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2844198                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2722268                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1028104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    204782256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21778144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.913762                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2844198                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6597                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1448882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       670014                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2052254                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     22753584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        52776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     11591056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48241008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16418032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.143941                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       358738                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31548                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31444                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       209045                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        90859                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       247939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2869904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2271456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       251552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1672360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6541848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1983512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.272224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31548                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20780                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       366136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       341847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       252384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26361792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2734776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137247                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       356383                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31334                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31148                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       183932                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83140                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258358                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2851064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2256048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       249184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1471456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5986080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2066864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.273694                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31334                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15715                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       368647                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       344450                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       250672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26542584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2755600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       346818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31292                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30862                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       184718                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84641                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       247790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2774544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2253024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1477744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6094152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1982320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.266779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31292                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15202                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       359300                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       335406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       250336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       121616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25869600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2683248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.133773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       345681                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31277                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30964                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       171393                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81580                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       249254                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2765448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1371144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5873760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1994032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.265796                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31277                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       357966                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       333694                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       250216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       124928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25773552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2669552                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.133176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       348408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31238                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30821                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       167943                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       254671                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2787264                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2249136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1343544                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5775408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2037368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.268542                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31238                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14323                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       361794                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       337794                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26049168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2702352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139503                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       368542                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31237                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30922                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       178158                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84699                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       269612                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2948336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2249064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1425264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6098328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2156896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.283000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31237                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       381329                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       357190                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       120424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27455688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2857520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.135956                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       364047                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31279                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30709                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       168481                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80908                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       269662                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2912376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2252088                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       245672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1347848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5825376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2157296                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.279988                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31279                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14326                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       377277                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       353518                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       250232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114608                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27163944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2828144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137524                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       355581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31273                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       185212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83973                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       254968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2844648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1481696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6046056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2039744                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.271704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31273                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       365737                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       341942                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       250184                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       139984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26333064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2735536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021339                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31548                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27117                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3049                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10557                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       252384                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1952424                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024189                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31891                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30602                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2296152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       244816                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021310                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31334                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27146                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       250672                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1954512                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023798                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31334                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30315                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2256048                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       242520                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021124                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31292                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26868                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2975                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       250336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1934496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23800                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023751                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31292                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30046                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2253024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240368                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021289                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31277                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27131                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2860                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       250216                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1953432                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        22880                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023752                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31277                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30194                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251944                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241552                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021141                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31238                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26907                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2909                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249904                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1937304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023713                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31238                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30019                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2249136                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240152                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021211                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31237                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27016                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2879                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249896                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1945152                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23032                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023718                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31237                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30098                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2249064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240784                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021013                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31279                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26705                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2948                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       250232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1922760                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23584                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023728                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31279                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29858                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2252088                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       238864                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021076                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31273                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26795                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3001                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       250184                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1929240                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24008                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023735                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31273                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30005                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251656                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240040                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006257                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          343                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006054                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82055                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656440                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     2.018276                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128513                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2722501                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2722268                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1028104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196020072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21778144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.143941                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       358738                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31548                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31444                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       209045                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        90859                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       247939                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      2869904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2271456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       251552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1672360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6541848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1983512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.137247                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       356383                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31334                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31148                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       183932                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83140                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258358                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      2851064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2256048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       249184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1471456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5986080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2066864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.136768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       346818                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31292                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30862                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       184718                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84641                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       247790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2774544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2253024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1477744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6094152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1982320                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.133773                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       345681                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31277                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30964                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       171393                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81580                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       249254                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2765448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1371144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5873760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1994032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.133176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       348408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31238                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30821                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       167943                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       254671                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2787264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2249136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1343544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5775408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2037368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.139503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       368542                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31237                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30922                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       178158                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84699                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       269612                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2948336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2249064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1425264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6098328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2156896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.135956                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       364047                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30709                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       168481                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80908                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       269662                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      2912376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2252088                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       245672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1347848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5825376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2157296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.137524                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       355581                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31273                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       185212                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83973                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       254968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      2844648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1481696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6046056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2039744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.021339                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        31548                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27117                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3049                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10557                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       252384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1952424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.021310                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        31334                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27146                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       250672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1954512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.021124                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        31292                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26868                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2975                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       250336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1934496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.021289                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        31277                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27131                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2860                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       250216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1953432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        22880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.021141                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        31238                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26907                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2909                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       249904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1937304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.021211                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        31237                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2879                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       249896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1945152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.021013                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        31279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26705                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2948                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       250232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1922760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.021076                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        31273                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3001                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       250184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1929240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.006257                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          343                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       7015348                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.765752                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.355106                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6343567     90.42%     90.42% |        1078      0.02%     90.44% |           0      0.00%     90.44% |           0      0.00%     90.44% |      669529      9.54%     99.98% |         938      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         7015348                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6064897                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002163                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.131302                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     6063245     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           7      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           8      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          12      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |        1625      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6064897                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        128513                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      128513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          128513                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     40734618                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.616111                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.060595                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.455697                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    40727443     99.98%     99.98% |        1546      0.00%     99.99% |        1735      0.00%     99.99% |         408      0.00%     99.99% |        3291      0.01%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      40734618                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39955639                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39955639    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39955639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       778979                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.217880                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.679205                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.922224                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      771804     99.08%     99.08% |        1546      0.20%     99.28% |        1735      0.22%     99.50% |         408      0.05%     99.55% |        3291      0.42%     99.97% |         180      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       778979                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     23380514                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.067742                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.099881                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     29.598357                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    23358776     99.91%     99.91% |        4340      0.02%     99.93% |        6535      0.03%     99.95% |        2918      0.01%     99.97% |        7208      0.03%    100.00% |         584      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      23380514                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22766037                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22766037    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22766037                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       614477                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.676447                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.426338                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   165.246637                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      592739     96.46%     96.46% |        4340      0.71%     97.17% |        6535      1.06%     98.23% |        2918      0.47%     98.71% |        7208      1.17%     99.88% |         584      0.10%     99.98% |         143      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       614477                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    211134336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.119460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.018982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.968052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   211132156    100.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |        1829      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    211134336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209739135                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209739135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209739135                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1395201                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.077769                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.211999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.366250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1393021     99.84%     99.84% |         172      0.01%     99.86% |          74      0.01%     99.86% |          12      0.00%     99.86% |        1829      0.13%     99.99% |          76      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1395201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1111350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.958338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.157008                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.155227                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1111311    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1111350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1056978                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1056978    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1056978                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        54372                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.588189                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.705178                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.535585                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       54333     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |          36      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        54372                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.998642                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.584061                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.804566                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2512     68.24%     68.24% |           0      0.00%     68.24% |           0      0.00%     68.24% |           0      0.00%     68.24% |          66      1.79%     70.04% |        1103     29.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2512                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2512    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2512                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1169                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.888794                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.873651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.744583                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          66      5.65%      5.65% |        1103     94.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1169                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3681                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       31548     12.60%     12.60% |       31334     12.51%     25.10% |       31292     12.49%     37.60% |       31277     12.49%     50.08% |       31238     12.47%     62.56% |       31237     12.47%     75.03% |       31279     12.49%     87.51% |       31273     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       250478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       27117     12.57%     12.57% |       27146     12.59%     25.16% |       26868     12.46%     37.62% |       27131     12.58%     50.19% |       26907     12.48%     62.67% |       27016     12.53%     75.20% |       26705     12.38%     87.58% |       26795     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       215685                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       31672     12.64%     12.64% |       31334     12.50%     25.14% |       31292     12.49%     37.63% |       31277     12.48%     50.11% |       31238     12.47%     62.57% |       31237     12.46%     75.04% |       31279     12.48%     87.52% |       31273     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       250602                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       37114     12.55%     12.55% |       37143     12.56%     25.11% |       36879     12.47%     37.58% |       37142     12.56%     50.14% |       36918     12.48%     62.62% |       37027     12.52%     75.14% |       36714     12.41%     87.56% |       36800     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       295737                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        3049     12.93%     12.93% |        2952     12.52%     25.46% |        2975     12.62%     38.08% |        2860     12.13%     50.21% |        2909     12.34%     62.55% |        2879     12.21%     74.76% |        2948     12.51%     87.27% |        3001     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        23573                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       31548     12.60%     12.60% |       31334     12.51%     25.10% |       31292     12.49%     37.60% |       31277     12.49%     50.08% |       31238     12.47%     62.56% |       31237     12.47%     75.03% |       31279     12.49%     87.51% |       31273     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       250478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        9997     12.49%     12.49% |        9997     12.49%     24.98% |       10011     12.51%     37.48% |       10011     12.51%     49.99% |       10011     12.51%     62.49% |       10011     12.51%     75.00% |       10009     12.50%     87.50% |       10005     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        80052                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        9997     12.49%     12.49% |        9997     12.49%     24.98% |       10011     12.51%     37.48% |       10011     12.51%     49.99% |       10011     12.51%     62.49% |       10011     12.51%     75.00% |       10009     12.50%     87.50% |       10005     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        80052                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       26681     12.48%     12.48% |       26929     12.60%     25.07% |       26665     12.47%     37.55% |       26928     12.59%     50.14% |       26704     12.49%     62.63% |       26813     12.54%     75.17% |       26500     12.39%     87.57% |       26586     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       213806                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         217     13.07%     13.07% |         217     13.07%     26.14% |         203     12.23%     38.37% |         203     12.23%     50.60% |         203     12.23%     62.83% |         203     12.23%     75.06% |         205     12.35%     87.41% |         209     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1660                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        3049     12.93%     12.93% |        2952     12.52%     25.46% |        2975     12.62%     38.08% |        2860     12.13%     50.21% |        2909     12.34%     62.55% |        2879     12.21%     74.76% |        2948     12.51%     87.27% |        3001     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        23573                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       31548     12.60%     12.60% |       31334     12.51%     25.10% |       31292     12.49%     37.60% |       31277     12.49%     50.08% |       31238     12.47%     62.56% |       31237     12.47%     75.03% |       31279     12.49%     87.51% |       31273     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       250478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       26681     12.48%     12.48% |       26929     12.60%     25.07% |       26665     12.47%     37.55% |       26928     12.59%     50.14% |       26704     12.49%     62.63% |       26813     12.54%     75.17% |       26500     12.39%     87.57% |       26586     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       213806                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         217     13.07%     13.07% |         217     13.07%     26.14% |         203     12.23%     38.37% |         203     12.23%     50.60% |         203     12.23%     62.83% |         203     12.23%     75.06% |         205     12.35%     87.41% |         209     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1660                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         217     13.07%     13.07% |         217     13.07%     26.14% |         203     12.23%     38.37% |         203     12.23%     50.60% |         203     12.23%     62.83% |         203     12.23%     75.06% |         205     12.35%     87.41% |         209     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1660                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    40734643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     40734643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   211134375    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    211134375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    24499226    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24499226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        6816    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2722468    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2722468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      121697    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       121697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      778864    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       778864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2065334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2065334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2722268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2722268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |      778643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total       778643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |     1394480    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total      1394480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |      548303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total       548303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      778977    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       778977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |     1395201    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1395201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      548291    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       548291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6584    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         6584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         200    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    13584781    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     13584781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   209739135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    209739135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      121697    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       121697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     2052254    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2052254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    26370858    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     26370858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23829208    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23829208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      670014    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       670014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          39    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      778864    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       778864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |     1395316    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1395316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |     2052254    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total      2052254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load |      778643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load::total       778643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch |     1394480    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch::total      1394480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      670018    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       670018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store |      548303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store::total       548303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |      121697    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total       121697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      670014    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       670014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |      149693     10.73%     10.73% |      172449     12.36%     23.09% |      162024     11.61%     34.70% |      174260     12.49%     47.19% |      180464     12.93%     60.13% |      190383     13.65%     73.77% |      195560     14.02%     87.79% |      170368     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total      1395201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117991     15.15%     15.15% |      100816     12.94%     28.09% |      100182     12.86%     40.95% |       89869     11.54%     52.49% |       87758     11.27%     63.75% |       93488     12.00%     75.75% |       87604     11.25%     87.00% |      101271     13.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       778979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       91054     13.59%     13.59% |       83118     12.41%     26.00% |       84612     12.63%     38.62% |       81552     12.17%     50.80% |       80186     11.97%     62.76% |       84671     12.64%     75.40% |       80883     12.07%     87.47% |       83942     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       670018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      338798     12.45%     12.45% |      341498     12.54%     24.99% |      332431     12.21%     37.20% |      330834     12.15%     49.35% |      334885     12.30%     61.66% |      354311     13.02%     74.67% |      350570     12.88%     87.55% |      338941     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2722268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       26681     12.48%     12.48% |       26929     12.60%     25.07% |       26665     12.47%     37.55% |       26928     12.59%     50.14% |       26704     12.49%     62.63% |       26813     12.54%     75.17% |       26500     12.39%     87.57% |       26586     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       213806                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3049     12.93%     12.93% |        2952     12.52%     25.46% |        2975     12.62%     38.08% |        2860     12.13%     50.21% |        2909     12.34%     62.55% |        2879     12.21%     74.76% |        2948     12.51%     87.27% |        3001     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        23573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       31548     12.60%     12.60% |       31334     12.51%     25.10% |       31292     12.49%     37.60% |       31277     12.49%     50.08% |       31238     12.47%     62.56% |       31237     12.47%     75.03% |       31279     12.49%     87.51% |       31273     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       250478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       30166     12.61%     12.61% |       30098     12.58%     25.19% |       29843     12.47%     37.66% |       29991     12.54%     50.20% |       29816     12.46%     62.66% |       29895     12.49%     75.15% |       29653     12.39%     87.55% |       29796     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       239258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         842     12.76%     12.76% |         833     12.63%     25.39% |         816     12.37%     37.76% |         770     11.67%     49.43% |         802     12.16%     61.59% |         824     12.49%     74.08% |         851     12.90%     86.98% |         859     13.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6597                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      209045     14.43%     14.43% |      183932     12.69%     27.12% |      184718     12.75%     39.87% |      171393     11.83%     51.70% |      167943     11.59%     63.29% |      178158     12.30%     75.59% |      168481     11.63%     87.22% |      185212     12.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total      1448882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         872     23.20%     23.20% |         434     11.55%     34.75% |         406     10.80%     45.56% |         406     10.80%     56.36% |         406     10.80%     67.16% |         406     10.80%     77.97% |         410     10.91%     88.88% |         418     11.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         3758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         740     12.13%     12.13% |         767     12.57%     24.70% |         781     12.80%     37.50% |         756     12.39%     49.89% |         743     12.18%     62.06% |         752     12.32%     74.39% |         788     12.91%     87.30% |         775     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         6102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        6710     12.93%     12.93% |        6418     12.37%     25.30% |        6447     12.43%     37.73% |        6581     12.68%     50.41% |        6375     12.29%     62.70% |        6552     12.63%     75.33% |        6498     12.52%     87.85% |        6303     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        51884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24098     12.52%     12.52% |       24149     12.55%     25.06% |       24064     12.50%     37.57% |       23940     12.44%     50.00% |       24120     12.53%     62.53% |       23933     12.43%     74.97% |       23993     12.46%     87.43% |       24195     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       192492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |      148952     10.72%     10.72% |      171681     12.36%     23.08% |      161240     11.61%     34.69% |      173504     12.49%     47.18% |      179720     12.94%     60.12% |      189629     13.65%     73.77% |      194770     14.02%     87.79% |      169593     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total      1389089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.74%      1.74% |          76     66.09%     67.83% |          28     24.35%     92.17% |           1      0.87%     93.04% |           1      0.87%     93.91% |           6      5.22%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |      149693     10.73%     10.73% |      172451     12.36%     23.09% |      162101     11.62%     34.71% |      174288     12.49%     47.20% |      180465     12.93%     60.13% |      190384     13.64%     73.77% |      195566     14.02%     87.79% |      170369     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total      1395317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         840     12.76%     12.76% |         831     12.62%     25.38% |         815     12.38%     37.76% |         769     11.68%     49.45% |         800     12.15%     61.60% |         821     12.47%     74.07% |         849     12.90%     86.97% |         858     13.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      111281     15.31%     15.31% |       94396     12.98%     28.29% |       93659     12.88%     41.18% |       83260     11.45%     52.63% |       81382     11.19%     63.82% |       86935     11.96%     75.78% |       81100     11.16%     86.94% |       94967     13.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       726980                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       47237     13.28%     13.28% |       44087     12.39%     25.67% |       46162     12.97%     38.64% |       42766     12.02%     50.66% |       42545     11.96%     62.61% |       46509     13.07%     75.68% |       43415     12.20%     87.89% |       43108     12.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       355829                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       26681     12.48%     12.48% |       26929     12.60%     25.07% |       26665     12.47%     37.55% |       26928     12.59%     50.14% |       26704     12.49%     62.63% |       26812     12.54%     75.17% |       26500     12.39%     87.57% |       26586     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       213805                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        2209     13.00%     13.00% |        2121     12.48%     25.49% |        2160     12.71%     38.20% |        2091     12.31%     50.51% |        2109     12.41%     62.92% |        2058     12.11%     75.03% |        2099     12.35%     87.39% |        2143     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16990                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         215     13.05%     13.05% |         215     13.05%     26.11% |         202     12.26%     38.37% |         202     12.26%     50.64% |         201     12.20%     62.84% |         201     12.20%     75.05% |         203     12.33%     87.37% |         208     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       19719     16.20%     16.20% |       14882     12.23%     28.43% |       14386     11.82%     40.25% |       14846     12.20%     52.45% |       13521     11.11%     63.56% |       14229     11.69%     75.25% |       13475     11.07%     86.33% |       16639     13.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       121697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      189105     14.25%     14.25% |      169047     12.74%     26.99% |      170330     12.84%     39.83% |      156546     11.80%     51.62% |      154420     11.64%     63.26% |      163927     12.35%     75.62% |      155004     11.68%     87.30% |      168572     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1326951                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         221     95.26%     95.26% |           2      0.86%     96.12% |           1      0.43%     96.55% |           1      0.43%     96.98% |           2      0.86%     97.84% |           2      0.86%     98.71% |           2      0.86%     99.57% |           1      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          232                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       30166     12.61%     12.61% |       30098     12.58%     25.19% |       29843     12.47%     37.66% |       29991     12.54%     50.20% |       29816     12.46%     62.66% |       29895     12.49%     75.15% |       29653     12.39%     87.55% |       29796     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       239258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         215     13.05%     13.05% |         215     13.05%     26.11% |         202     12.26%     38.37% |         202     12.26%     50.64% |         201     12.20%     62.84% |         201     12.20%     75.05% |         203     12.33%     87.37% |         208     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           2     15.38%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           2     15.38%     61.54% |           2     15.38%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         221     95.26%     95.26% |           2      0.86%     96.12% |           1      0.43%     96.55% |           1      0.43%     96.98% |           2      0.86%     97.84% |           2      0.86%     98.71% |           2      0.86%     99.57% |           1      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          232                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         840     12.76%     12.76% |         831     12.62%     25.38% |         815     12.38%     37.76% |         769     11.68%     49.45% |         800     12.15%     61.60% |         821     12.47%     74.07% |         849     12.90%     86.97% |         858     13.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         6583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        6710     12.93%     12.93% |        6418     12.37%     25.30% |        6447     12.43%     37.73% |        6581     12.68%     50.41% |        6375     12.29%     62.70% |        6552     12.63%     75.33% |        6498     12.52%     87.85% |        6303     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        51884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         740     12.13%     12.13% |         767     12.57%     24.70% |         781     12.80%     37.50% |         756     12.39%     49.89% |         743     12.18%     62.06% |         752     12.32%     74.39% |         788     12.91%     87.30% |         775     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         6102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24098     12.52%     12.52% |       24149     12.55%     25.06% |       24064     12.50%     37.57% |       23940     12.44%     50.00% |       24120     12.53%     62.53% |       23933     12.43%     74.97% |       23993     12.46%     87.43% |       24195     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       192492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      209045     14.43%     14.43% |      183932     12.69%     27.12% |      184718     12.75%     39.87% |      171393     11.83%     51.70% |      167943     11.59%     63.29% |      178158     12.30%     75.59% |      168481     11.63%     87.22% |      185212     12.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total      1448882                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
