
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.803996                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3803996475500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9043584233500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 552318                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1003939                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              953599539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1639668                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3989.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2203246581                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4004807155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       267968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker        22336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1346112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       94284800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           95921216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1346112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1346112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     64689024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        64689024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         4187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker          349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           21033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1473200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1498769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1010766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1010766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker        70444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker         5872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            353868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          24785722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              25215906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       353868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           353868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        17005543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             17005543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        17005543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker        70444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         5872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           353868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         24785722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             42221448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1498769                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1010766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1498769                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1010766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               95861824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   59392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                64688576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                95921216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             64689024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    928                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             90159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             93688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             96381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            103014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             91307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             90414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            101320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             93902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             91184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             95142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            83595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            88171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            92841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            93178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           107527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            86018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             61320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             63420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             65959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             68347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             61433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             61635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             67174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             62629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             63156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             63590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            58346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            60957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            62080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            62966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            68703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            59044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       126                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3803996593000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1498769                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1010766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1491714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    5729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  58340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  58662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  58983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  58770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  59105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  59424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  60450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  60303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  61705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  62344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  60742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  60238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  60501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  60293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  60132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  60336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       755583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    212.485289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   131.152385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   259.298818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       377238     49.93%     49.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       197891     26.19%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        56199      7.44%     83.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28761      3.81%     87.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20234      2.68%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15002      1.99%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11220      1.48%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10126      1.34%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        38912      5.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       755583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        59261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      25.275358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     13.049226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          45981     77.59%     77.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63         12351     20.84%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           718      1.21%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          150      0.25%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           41      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           11      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         59261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        59261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.056057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.807312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.331824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         58167     98.15%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           248      0.42%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27            87      0.15%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           170      0.29%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           291      0.49%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             8      0.01%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            14      0.02%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            10      0.02%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             9      0.02%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             5      0.01%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             4      0.01%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             8      0.01%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67           152      0.26%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             4      0.01%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             4      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             5      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             6      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             1      0.00%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             1      0.00%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             2      0.00%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             4      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            7      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            3      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.00%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131           10      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            6      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            4      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-147            3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::156-159            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::172-175            6      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::196-199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         59261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  80647591750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            108732110500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 7489205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     53842.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                72592.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        25.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        17.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     25.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     17.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1126983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  626033                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                61.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1515817.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    69.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3282136620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1744493190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7293410040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4021973460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         147098103360.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          68510134260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           8998164000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    301740503280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    223071273600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1864617763890                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2630423369160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            290.860714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         3653260516750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16504120750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   58486378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2490508350750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 549660594500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   75908724500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 613092435500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3167039820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1683317790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7179369960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3972555720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         139841048880.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          65756622150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8673853440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    285450939540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    211380453600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1880711271030                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2607861958140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            288.365972                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         3659647263750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15907794250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   55424914000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2562825567250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 520110283000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   73016556000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 576711470250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  552530569                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  144203900                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        61368                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 2873146301                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17371                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 72                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           36                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    507233529.555556                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   862215842.510937                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           36    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        16000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2247917220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             36                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3790760117436                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  18260407064                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7607992951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 2062502370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   3735975479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           2954700978                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1038787485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   18194944                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    260064108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  2954700978                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1038787485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         5610274036                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        2262163526                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1256344623                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          983767843                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1568426994                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1163738177                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    691315014                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  547170969                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 144144045                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              36520814.127991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7571472136.872009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.995200                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.004800                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        301599804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              5640981      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               2378140798     63.65%     63.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4495348      0.12%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    85028      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              656310452     17.57%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               295425874      7.91%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              123289451      3.30%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead          251745022      6.74%     99.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite          20854594      0.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                3735987548                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3310755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.999490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          693233091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3311779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           209.323476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.999490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1396348781                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1396348781                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    541861055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      541861055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    143085934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     143085934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data      8216068                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      8216068                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    684946989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       684946989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    693163057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      693163057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2090458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2090458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1051512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1051512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       213979                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       213979                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3141970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3141970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3355949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3355949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144442867500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144442867500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  61246165328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61246165328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 205689032828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 205689032828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 205689032828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 205689032828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    543951513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    543951513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    144137446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    144137446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8430047                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      8430047                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    688088959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    688088959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    696519006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    696519006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025383                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.025383                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69096.278184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69096.278184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58245.807302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58245.807302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65464.989426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65464.989426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61290.869685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61290.869685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        48419                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              684                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    70.788012                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2133734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2133734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         6373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         6373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2087055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2087055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1048542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1048542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193072                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       193072                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3135597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3135597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3328669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3328669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         9674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142166492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 142166492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59936720328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59936720328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4260466500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4260466500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 202103212328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 202103212328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 206363678828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 206363678828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    812098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    812098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    812098000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    812098000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022903                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022903                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68118.229754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68118.229754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57161.964259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57161.964259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22066.723813                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22066.723813                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64454.460292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64454.460292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61995.854448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61995.854448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 213149.081365                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213149.081365                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 83946.454414                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 83946.454414                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements       271466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.956897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       545557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs       271481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     2.009559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    15.956897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.997306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses      1940044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses      1940044                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       545426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       545426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       545426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       545426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       545426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       545426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       283064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       283064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       283064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       283064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       283064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       283064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   4059861500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4059861500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   4059861500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4059861500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   4059861500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4059861500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       828490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       828490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       828490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       828490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       828490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.341663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.341663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.341663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.341663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.341663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.341663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 14342.556807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14342.556807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 14342.556807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14342.556807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 14342.556807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14342.556807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       114123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       114123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       283064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       283064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       283064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       283064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker       283064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       283064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   3776797500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3776797500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   3776797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3776797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker   3776797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3776797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.341663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.341663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.341663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 13342.556807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13342.556807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 13342.556807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13342.556807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 13342.556807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13342.556807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           606024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         2872682339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           606536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4736.210776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       5746863884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      5746863884                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   2872522906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2872522906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   2872522906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      2872522906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   2872522906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     2872522906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       606024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       606024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       606024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        606024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       606024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       606024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10022441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10022441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10022441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10022441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10022441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10022441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   2873128930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2873128930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   2873128930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   2873128930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   2873128930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   2873128930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16538.026547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16538.026547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16538.026547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16538.026547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16538.026547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16538.026547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       606024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           606024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       606024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       606024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       606024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       606024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       606024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       606024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9416417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9416417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9416417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9416417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9416417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9416417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15538.026547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15538.026547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15538.026547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15538.026547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15538.026547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15538.026547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        25545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.770656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        38077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        25556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.489944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    15.770656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.985666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       170439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       170439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        37653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        37653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        37653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        37653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        37653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        37653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        31711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        31711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        31711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    354555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    354555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    354555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    354555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    354555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        69364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        69364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        69364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        69364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        69364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        69364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.457168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.457168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.457168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.457168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.457168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.457168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 11180.820535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11180.820535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 11180.820535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11180.820535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 11180.820535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11180.820535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        31711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    322844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    322844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    322844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    322844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    322844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.457168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.457168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.457168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10180.820535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10180.820535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10180.820535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10180.820535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 10180.820535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10180.820535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4070                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4070                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55997                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55997                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         6064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        15006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       105128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total       105128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         2440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  122574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         3032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3349536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3349536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         4880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         4880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3363386                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2935676                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              7656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               549000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             4905500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           271207004                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            11313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            52824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                52403                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.984983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                52418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.984983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               473076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              473076                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52304                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        52304                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             52564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52564                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            52564                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     30713318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30713318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6222072686                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   6222072686                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6252786004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6252786004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6252786004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6252786004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52304                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        52304                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           52564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          52564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118128.146154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118128.146154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118959.786747                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118959.786747                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118955.673160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118955.673160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 118955.673160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118955.673160                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           170                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           52143                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                52143                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52304                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        52304                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17713318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17713318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3603960868                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3603960868                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3621674186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3621674186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3621674186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3621674186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68128.146154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68128.146154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68904.115708                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68904.115708                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68900.277490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68900.277490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68900.277490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68900.277490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1501312                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32764.557236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8132820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1534080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.301431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      129.427491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   237.153604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     3.348877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       463.677179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     31930.950085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.007237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.014150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.974455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        21313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  67921271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 67921271                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2251375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2251375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       605993                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           605993                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            11925                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                11925                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            435510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                435510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         584987                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             584987                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       244846                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        19442                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1393458                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1657746                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         244846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          19442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               584987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1828968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2678243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        244846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         19442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              584987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1828968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2678243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            220                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                220                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          595121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              595121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        21037                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            21037                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4187                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          349                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       878841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          883377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              21037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1473962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1499535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          349                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             21037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1473962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1499535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14723000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     14723000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53609074000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   53609074000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2358692500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   2358692500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    653014000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     39361000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128336585000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 129028960000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    653014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     39361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2358692500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 181945659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     184996726500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    653014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     39361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2358692500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 181945659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    184996726500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2251375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2251375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       605993                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       605993                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            12145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       1030631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1030631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       606024                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         606024                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        19791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2272299                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2541123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        19791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           606024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3302930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4177778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       249033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        19791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          606024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3302930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4177778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018114                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.018114                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.577434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034713                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.034713                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.017634                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.386763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.347633                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.017634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.034713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.446259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.358931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.017634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.034713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.446259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.358931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66922.727273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66922.727273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90080.965047                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90080.965047                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112121.143699                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112121.143699                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 155962.264151                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 112782.234957                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146029.355708                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146063.300267                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 155962.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 112782.234957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112121.143699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123439.857337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123369.395513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 155962.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 112782.234957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112121.143699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123439.857337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123369.395513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               958623                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    958623                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           74                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            74                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          220                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           220                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       595121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         595121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        21037                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        21037                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4187                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       878841                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       883377                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         21037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1473962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1499535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        21037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1473962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1499535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         9674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12523000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12523000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  47657864000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47657864000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2148322500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2148322500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    611144000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     35871000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119548175000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120195190000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    611144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     35871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2148322500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 167206039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 170001376500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    611144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker     35871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2148322500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 167206039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 170001376500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    764473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    764473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    764473000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    764473000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018114                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018114                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.017634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.386763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.017634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.446259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.358931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.017634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.446259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56922.727273                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56922.727273                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80080.965047                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80080.965047                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102121.143699                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102121.143699                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 145962.264151                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 102782.234957                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136029.355708                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136063.300267                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 145962.264151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 102782.234957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102121.143699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113439.857337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113369.395513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 145962.264151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 102782.234957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102121.143699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113439.857337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113369.395513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 200649.081365                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200649.081365                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 79023.464958                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 79023.464958                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3108708                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1557978                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          906                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             908484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               5864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              5864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1010766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           539742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            594977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           594977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        904674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         52304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         2440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         2440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       104967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       104967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         4342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4502384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4521732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4629139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         4880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         4880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3337152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3337152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         8684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    157273088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    157290742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               160632774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             8011                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      56448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1568968                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.037976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1566702     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2266      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1568968                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13110500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy             4889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2938324                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer17.occupancy         7204194612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer17.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1718324                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            2644895                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         7977835750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3347456                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          896                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8463258                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4185456                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       185965                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5064                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4827                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          237                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9043584233500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               3810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3204993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3209998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       606024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1899080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          17900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1030642                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1030642                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        606024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2595162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1818072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9974118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       803563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12672800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     77571072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    347980598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1491776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23241984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              450285430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1562610                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  64810880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5761936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.034525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.215004                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                5600146     97.19%     97.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 124652      2.16%     99.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  37134      0.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            5761936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7096797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           483318                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         909036000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4981847995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          47566500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         424596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
