
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.334222                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                334221947500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5552042019500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 567580                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1039614                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              632325712                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1792408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   528.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     549498312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2020352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2020352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2368896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2368896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        31568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              31568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        37014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             37014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6044941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6044941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7087793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             7087793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13132734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            13132734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      31568                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     37014                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    31568                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   37014                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1996928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  23424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2362176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2020352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2368896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   366                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  102                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       54                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 334358299000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                31568                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               37014                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  31197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  2049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  2121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  2155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  2156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  2158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  2183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  2163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  2114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  2051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  2028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  2029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        17179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.746085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.144128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.132658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5087     29.61%     29.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4710     27.42%     57.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2934     17.08%     74.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2246     13.07%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1201      6.99%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          218      1.27%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          128      0.75%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      0.57%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          557      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        17179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.016940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.128666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            258     13.24%     13.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             23      1.18%     14.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            34      1.75%     16.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           27      1.39%     17.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1245     63.91%     81.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          210     10.78%     92.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           78      4.00%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           36      1.85%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      0.67%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            7      0.36%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            5      0.26%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.947125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.825461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.245095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1661     85.27%     85.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           33      1.69%     86.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.46%     87.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      0.41%     87.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           16      0.82%     88.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           14      0.72%     89.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           33      1.69%     91.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           27      1.39%     92.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           24      1.23%     93.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           13      0.67%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.31%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.41%     95.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.67%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43           13      0.67%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            9      0.46%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            6      0.31%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           18      0.92%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.10%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            6      0.31%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.10%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.26%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.15%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.05%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.05%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.10%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            4      0.21%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1685819249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2270856749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 156010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    54029.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               72779.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        7.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     7.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   22935                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  27997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               75.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4875306.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               101623620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                54014235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              234013500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             117147240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        8713751280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2865792420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           513054720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    20984877750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12477562560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1313665882470                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1359730987035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           244.906465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        330204351250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    492185750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1736890000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 294707523000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  15339919000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1924872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20927588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                92120280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                48963090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              229536720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             117272520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        7619692080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2773475790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           434659680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19232660130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10489878240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315589957025                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1356629587635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           244.347860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        331469057750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    436680750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1620908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299298394000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14160187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2103898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19912551750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2000960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2000960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2373952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2373952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        31265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              31265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        37093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             37093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5986920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5986920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7102921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             7102921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13089841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            13089841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      31265                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     37093                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    31265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   37093                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1985728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  15232                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2374208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2000960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2373952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      137                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 335639238000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                31265                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               37093                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  31027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  2019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  2099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  2081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  2159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  2250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  2078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        16917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.725129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.156653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.797276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4876     28.82%     28.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4623     27.33%     56.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2886     17.06%     73.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2268     13.41%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1239      7.32%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          244      1.44%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      0.73%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           94      0.56%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          563      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        16917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.037726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.845597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            229     11.83%     11.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             34      1.76%     13.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            24      1.24%     14.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           29      1.50%     16.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1275     65.89%     82.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          204     10.54%     92.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           82      4.24%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           24      1.24%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           15      0.78%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      0.21%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.10%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.10%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.10%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.10%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.171576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.806886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.329488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1696     87.65%     87.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           18      0.93%     88.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           27      1.40%     89.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           55      2.84%     92.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           30      1.55%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           21      1.09%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           12      0.62%     96.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-47           13      0.67%     96.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           22      1.14%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.21%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.21%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.10%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.21%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.21%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.16%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.16%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            6      0.31%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1614286000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2196042250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 155135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    52028.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               70778.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        7.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     7.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22979                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  28228                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4910021.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                98082180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                52131915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              232449840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             117016740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        8389836000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2819417220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           510671040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    20197818900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11929212000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314384651225                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1358734366500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           244.726960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        331776658500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    502975500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1667666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298980117250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14781689750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1906582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19905199500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                91806120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                48796110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              230057940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             117966780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        7629526320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2765011290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           434124480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    19120732650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10506009120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315670140455                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1356615543705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           244.345331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        331475162250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    434460250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1631554000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299260004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14458217000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2082495250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19656189500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1998208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1998208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2358336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2358336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        31222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              31222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        36849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             36849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5978686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5978686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7056197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             7056197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13034883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            13034883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      31222                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     36849                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    31222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   36849                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1984192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  14016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2358592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                1998208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2358336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             2045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      110                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 334290695000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                31222                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               36849                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  31003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  2051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  2098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  2078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  2052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  2115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  2188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  2243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  2079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        16549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.419723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.378858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.470631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4663     28.18%     28.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4474     27.03%     55.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2798     16.91%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2250     13.60%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1338      8.09%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          221      1.34%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          135      0.82%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      0.64%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          564      3.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        16549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.092372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.140178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            235     12.20%     12.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             35      1.82%     14.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      1.14%     15.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           21      1.09%     16.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1260     65.39%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          202     10.48%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           80      4.15%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           33      1.71%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           11      0.57%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           10      0.52%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.16%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.10%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.124546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.817627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.935051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1681     87.23%     87.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           17      0.88%     88.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           38      1.97%     90.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           56      2.91%     92.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           25      1.30%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           21      1.09%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           18      0.93%     96.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.21%     96.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           23      1.19%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-55           10      0.52%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.26%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            5      0.26%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.10%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.16%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            5      0.26%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.10%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.10%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            2      0.10%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1568545994                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2149852244                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 155015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    50593.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               69343.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        7.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     7.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   23132                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  28175                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               76.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4910912.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                96147240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                51103470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              230650560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             115790040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        8273054400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2798354010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           515761920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19867622460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11789291040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314626266485                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1358365923285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.660598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        330276626750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    492564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1624738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298317360500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14426780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1890635750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19422212750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                89842620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                47752485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              229236840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             117293400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        7491232320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2702266260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           416656320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18862621830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10320789120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315926134910                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1356205904205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.271549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        331666600000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    390841500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1564666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 300539805000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  13775655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2003520250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19246013250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1996672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1996672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2372544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2372544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        31198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              31198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        37071                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             37071                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5974090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5974090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7098708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             7098708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13072798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            13072798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      31198                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     37071                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    31198                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   37071                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1984256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  12416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2371840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                1996672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2372544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            2083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      111                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 332324350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                31198                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               37071                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  31002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  2002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  2068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  2097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  2098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  2081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  2157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  2134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  2211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  2256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  2085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  2025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  2001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                   136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                   133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        16592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.545805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.641894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.064176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4691     28.27%     28.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4422     26.65%     54.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2938     17.71%     72.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2151     12.96%     85.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1369      8.25%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          221      1.33%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      0.75%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          116      0.70%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          560      3.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        16592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.048679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.903938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            234     12.12%     12.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             21      1.09%     13.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      1.14%     14.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           30      1.55%     15.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1276     66.08%     81.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          205     10.62%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           81      4.19%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           28      1.45%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           14      0.73%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.47%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.10%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.05%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.192128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.843980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.122999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1684     87.21%     87.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           15      0.78%     87.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           36      1.86%     89.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           60      3.11%     92.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           27      1.40%     94.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           20      1.04%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           16      0.83%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            7      0.36%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           20      1.04%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            5      0.26%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.16%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            7      0.36%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            7      0.36%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            5      0.26%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.10%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.10%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            3      0.16%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            3      0.16%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1591752247                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2173077247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 155020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    51340.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               70090.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        7.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     7.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   23119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  28354                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               76.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4867866.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                95633160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                50830230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              231950040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             116813160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        8279200800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2764234380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           523965600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19698907020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11853367200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314713572080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1358330757930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.654265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        328302625500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    518217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1658244000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 296022922500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14919657246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1855083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19249146754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                90299580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                47995365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              229765200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             117726660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        7563145200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2784912840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           427112160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18805392690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10477363680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315840422135                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1356386089440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.304003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        331838064250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    418720750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1618348000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 300054040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14575384750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2127626250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19111237000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1994304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1994304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2357248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        2357248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        31161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              31161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        36832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             36832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5967005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              5967005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      7052942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             7052942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     13019947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            13019947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      31161                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     36832                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    31161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   36832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1981952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  12352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                2357760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1994304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             2357248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             2035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            2138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             2510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             2265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             2334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             2172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             2134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             2296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             2451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            2544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            2451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            2305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            2276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                      105                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 335853913000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                31161                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               36832                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  30968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  2063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  2095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  2046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  2113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  2087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  2165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  2242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  2083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  2033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                   125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        16464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.587949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.851649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.319834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4684     28.45%     28.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4351     26.43%     54.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2848     17.30%     72.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2118     12.86%     85.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1426      8.66%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          239      1.45%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          126      0.77%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      0.67%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          561      3.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        16464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.163276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.220725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            228     11.89%     11.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             21      1.10%     12.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            35      1.83%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           26      1.36%     16.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1251     65.26%     81.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          200     10.43%     91.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           85      4.43%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           32      1.67%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           14      0.73%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.42%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.21%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.10%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.16%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.10%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.217527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.825021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.391319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1677     87.48%     87.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           21      1.10%     88.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           26      1.36%     89.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           55      2.87%     92.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           26      1.36%     94.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           19      0.99%     95.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           22      1.15%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.26%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           24      1.25%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.10%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            4      0.21%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.21%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.10%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            6      0.31%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.21%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.16%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            4      0.21%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.10%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.10%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1606322498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             2186972498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 154840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    51870.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               70620.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        5.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        7.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     5.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     7.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   23141                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  28203                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                74.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               76.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   4939536.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                94869180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                50424165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              230814780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             115910100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        8236176000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2779004790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           514039200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19460078160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11845636800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314841921530                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1358170947765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.625481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        331851351250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    478939250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1641218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 299902946750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14903662250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1886239500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18929351750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                89571300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                47608275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              229179720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             117235980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        7540403520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2718422340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           425186880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18529190070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10593052800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315962386055                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1356254404410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           244.280285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        331949902500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    417880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1603758000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 300426021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14467124750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1957006750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18955016250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1995072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1995072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2367104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        2367104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        31173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              31173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        36986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             36986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5969303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              5969303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      7082431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             7082431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     13051734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            13051734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      31173                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     36986                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    31173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   36986                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1983808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  11264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                2366528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1995072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             2367104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            2148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             2515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             2359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             2184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             2117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             2190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             2140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             2457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            2615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            2444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            2311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            2268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                      131                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 333340521000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                31173                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               36986                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  30997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  2072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  2083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  2066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  2141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  2091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  2176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  2235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  2074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  2042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  2049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  2037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        16643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   261.391336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.170593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.732448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4800     28.84%     28.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4439     26.67%     55.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2781     16.71%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2171     13.04%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1442      8.66%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          235      1.41%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          121      0.73%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           97      0.58%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          557      3.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        16643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.146430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.015426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            227     11.83%     11.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      0.83%     12.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            25      1.30%     13.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           28      1.46%     15.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1276     66.49%     81.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          202     10.53%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           82      4.27%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           33      1.72%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      0.68%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.31%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.10%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.10%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.268890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.850116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.623016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1677     87.39%     87.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           16      0.83%     88.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           32      1.67%     89.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           64      3.34%     93.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           21      1.09%     94.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           19      0.99%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           18      0.94%     96.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.31%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           22      1.15%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.21%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            4      0.21%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            6      0.31%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.10%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.21%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.21%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            4      0.21%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.10%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.10%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            4      0.21%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            3      0.16%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1608813500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             2190007250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 154985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    51902.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               70652.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        5.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        7.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     5.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     7.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   23131                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  28200                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                74.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               76.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   4890631.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   75.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                96989760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                51551280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              231700140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             116635680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        8277971520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2809229610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           495571200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19812582690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11836927680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314639246810                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1358370567420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.661435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        329270609750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    479660500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1648026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 297211071750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14787168500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1937154750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19160842500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                89971140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                47820795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              229215420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             117220320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        7485085920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2712616320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           422236800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18801073800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10350898080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1315926328485                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1356184305750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           244.267659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        329670126750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    422266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1592338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 298258233250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14226874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2017436250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19089823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1995520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           1995520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2345856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        2345856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        31180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              31180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        36654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             36654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5970643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              5970643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      7018857                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             7018857                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     12989500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            12989500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      31180                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     36654                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    31180                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   36654                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1982784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  12736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                2346624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                1995520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             2345856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   199                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             2040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             2509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             2265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             2333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             2166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             2059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             2444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            2440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            2305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            2261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                      124                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 332323801000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                31180                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               36654                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  30981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  1994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  2063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  2109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  2082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  2058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  2107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  2072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  2154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  2219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  2048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  1996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  1990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        16487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.599139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.590722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.358607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4649     28.20%     28.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4440     26.93%     55.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2922     17.72%     72.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1978     12.00%     84.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1491      9.04%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      1.36%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      0.72%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           94      0.57%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          570      3.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        16487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.390270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.612283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            239     12.64%     12.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            50      2.64%     15.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         1454     76.89%     92.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          115      6.08%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           14      0.74%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            8      0.42%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            3      0.16%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            1      0.05%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            1      0.05%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.11%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.389741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.899557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.868498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1655     87.52%     87.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           12      0.63%     88.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           30      1.59%     89.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           49      2.59%     92.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           28      1.48%     93.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           23      1.22%     95.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           20      1.06%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     96.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           26      1.37%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.16%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            5      0.26%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.11%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            5      0.26%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.16%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            6      0.32%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            3      0.16%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            4      0.21%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            4      0.21%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.11%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1646937750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             2227831500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 154905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    53159.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               71909.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        5.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        7.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     5.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     7.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   23272                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  27889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                75.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               76.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   4899074.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                95804520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                50921310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              230215020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             115351560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        8247854160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2807823990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           514616160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19447336380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11843807040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314842962350                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1358198733570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.630485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        328243899750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    485558500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1653932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 296270548750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14933123250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1950898250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18928603250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                88728780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                47160465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              228180120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             116473860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        7427924400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2703075660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           424650720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18542821050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10259800320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316129703075                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1355970271800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           244.229108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        331569209750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    429736750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1583812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 300475039750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14127315750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2055194250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18859481000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1995968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           1995968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2356160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        2356160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        31187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              31187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        36815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             36815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5971984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              5971984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      7049687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             7049687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     13021670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            13021670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      31187                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     36815                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    31187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   36815                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1985280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  10688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                2356416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                1995968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             2356160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             2503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             2259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             2313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             2352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             2177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             2154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             2274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            2611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            2427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            2265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            2201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            2270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                      125                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 332324192500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                31187                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               36815                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  31020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  1991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  2052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  2085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  2079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  2064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  2148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  2091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  2167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  2225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  2040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  1992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  2004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                   131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        16546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   262.405415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.326274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.502313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4720     28.53%     28.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4403     26.61%     55.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2903     17.55%     72.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2001     12.09%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1507      9.11%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          236      1.43%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          133      0.80%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      0.64%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          537      3.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        16546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.285564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.999102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            220     11.55%     11.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             28      1.47%     13.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      0.79%     13.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           28      1.47%     15.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1256     65.93%     81.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          219     11.50%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           77      4.04%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           29      1.52%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           14      0.73%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.31%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.10%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.16%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.10%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.327559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.865071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.881364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1664     87.35%     87.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           12      0.63%     87.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           35      1.84%     89.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           62      3.25%     93.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           27      1.42%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           17      0.89%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           15      0.79%     96.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.31%     96.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           19      1.00%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.16%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            7      0.37%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.16%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            5      0.26%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.16%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            8      0.42%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.16%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.10%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            4      0.21%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.05%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1644032000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             2225657000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 155100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    52999.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               71749.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        5.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        7.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     5.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     7.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   23306                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  27988                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                75.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               76.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   4886976.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   75.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                95090520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                50541810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              231343140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             115920540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        8247854160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2870160330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           521653920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19533714750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11733804000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1314824568120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1358226719490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.635526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        328077203250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    519334000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1653050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 296191774500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14827512500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2084598250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18945765250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                89864040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                47763870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              228994080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             116849700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        7389202080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2740781160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           415548480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18457322760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10146188640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1316226466995                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1355860342635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           244.209308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        331545152250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    382818250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1554120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 300982798750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  13660439500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2136704500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18811374000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41476738                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   23398101                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        81058                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        30742                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  211143780                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        18349                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 48                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    535883411.333333                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   873907761.763397                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           24    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       195001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2299345556                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             24                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   325852615627                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12861201872                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       668443895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157629725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276869502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            214437950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              71721388                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4691956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14567911                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   214437950                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     71721388                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          457722709                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         161277736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           144712630                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           68654180                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           113965644                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           64855517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     64486104                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   41124657                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  23361447                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              25722403.743923                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              642721491.256077                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.961519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.038481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         21051212                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3341165      1.21%      1.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                159115583     57.47%     58.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  484737      0.18%     58.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   165104      0.06%     58.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               49286886     17.80%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                31327789     11.31%     88.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20596141      7.44%     95.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            9796817      3.54%     99.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2765306      1.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276879528                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7515                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7515                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               948                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              948                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         8750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        27512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   29408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        17500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        30634                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    34426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              8430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              6879990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4012500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             4380164                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1422344                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            20513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               10108055                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.757481                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.470354                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     9181112     90.83%     90.83% |       11330      0.11%     90.94% |          64      0.00%     90.94% |       72373      0.72%     91.66% |      778957      7.71%     99.36% |       11853      0.12%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |       46636      0.46%     99.94% |        5730      0.06%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 10108055                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    276396338                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001057                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000733                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.032493                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   276104216     99.89%     99.89% |      292122      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    276396338                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      276396338                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.318581                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.029361                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.915052                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   276368712     99.99%     99.99% |        5745      0.00%     99.99% |        7303      0.00%     99.99% |        2980      0.00%    100.00% |       10785      0.00%    100.00% |         697      0.00%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        276396338                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    273779181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   273779181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    273779181                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2617157                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.645118                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.244995                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    96.234104                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2589531     98.94%     98.94% |        5745      0.22%     99.16% |        7303      0.28%     99.44% |        2980      0.11%     99.56% |       10785      0.41%     99.97% |         697      0.03%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2617157                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5565.119506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.035998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.778314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5564.349826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000109                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.011426                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5590.256459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5632.223462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010266                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.001780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5667.181020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5685.578619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.194963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5609.895727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5633.900218                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010308                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.175054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     64043211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1227765                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     65270976                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    209735970                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses      1389392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    211125362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.414248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.001010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            5                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000281                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      2613201                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams       186086                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested       184207                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits         3956                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed         1932                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.012359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.006180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  4002.369469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          1114                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000790                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4473.917160                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       311064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        31446                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       342510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001345                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   949.511246                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.039863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.010447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4471.881817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       318913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        31265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       350178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001347                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   947.388143                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.021584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000256                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.001560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000783                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4448.001352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       318669                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        31222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       349891                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   953.834646                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.010267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000743                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4548.745673                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       305012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        31198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       336210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   952.483566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4522.061468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       304056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        31161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       335217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001281                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   952.257065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.006992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000791                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4475.713511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       330631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        31173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       361804                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   954.955814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.005238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4447.499580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       341909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        31180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       373089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   957.537718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.009462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000754                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4515.968163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       308553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        31187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       339740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001305                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   954.429862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.006180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3502.369469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.011069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1998.864925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.002008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.002265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.397434                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      2788639                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2788639                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1348857                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1342387                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       679445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       662721                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     22309112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    200782008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10790856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     10739096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48920040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5301768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000790                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3973.917157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.039863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.010447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3008.795147                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000835                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1449.513030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.198695                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       373956                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       400929                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       219776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       185537                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        92084                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        93234                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2991648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28866888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1758208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1484296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6630048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       745872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3971.881817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.021584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000256                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.001560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3027.731609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000825                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1447.388176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.197344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       381443                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       408495                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       205023                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       170911                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83867                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        87043                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      3051544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29411640                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1640184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1367288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6038424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       696344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000783                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3948.001352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.010267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3043.159295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000827                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1453.834646                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.197766                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       381113                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2          829                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       407914                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       206957                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       173170                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        85168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3048904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29369808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1655656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1385360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6132096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       704008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000743                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4048.745673                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3080.161854                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000788                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1452.483778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.190334                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       367408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2          797                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       194268                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       160422                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78434                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2939264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28399104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1554144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1283376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5903136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4022.061471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.006992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3120.315190                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1452.257106                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.189131                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       366378                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2          824                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       393163                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       191346                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       157630                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80582                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2931024                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28307736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1530768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1261040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5801904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       616384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000791                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3975.713508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.005238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3114.235387                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000836                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1454.957284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.201618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       392977                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       419916                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       200661                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       166895                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        85413                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        81482                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3143816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30233952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1605288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1335160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6149736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       651856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3947.499580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.009462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3057.945655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000847                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1457.537863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.205663                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       404269                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       430877                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       197094                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       163535                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        86474                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77061                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3234152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31023144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1576752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1308280                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6226128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       616488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000754                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4015.968163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.004676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3079.067658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1454.430642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.192559                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       370927                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       397697                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       198023                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       164287                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83869                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80418                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      2967416                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28634184                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1584184                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1314296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6038568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       643344                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5065.119503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.778314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.036331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.022988                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        31446                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33601                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10555                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4230720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       268808                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84440                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5064.349826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.011694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.022807                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        31265                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58317                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33251                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       250120                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4198824                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       266008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5090.256456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.022695                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        31222                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58023                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32959                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       249776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4177656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       263672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5132.223459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.001780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.022765                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        31198                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58222                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33049                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       249584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4191984                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       264392                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5167.181020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.022664                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        31161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57946                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32892                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       249288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4172112                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       263136                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5185.578616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.194963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.022723                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        31173                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58112                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32940                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       249384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4184064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       263520                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5109.895724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.022605                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        31180                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57788                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32708                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       249440                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4160736                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       261664                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5133.900215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.175054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.022669                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        31187                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57957                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32891                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       249496                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4172904                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       263128                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.006240                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          341                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82053                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24552                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656424                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.006180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2498.864925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.002265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3508.795150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000835                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1949.513030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3527.731609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000825                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1947.388176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3543.159298                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000827                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1953.834646                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3580.161857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000788                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1952.483777                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3620.315190                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1952.257106                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3614.235390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000836                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1954.957284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3557.945658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000847                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1957.537862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3579.067661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1954.430641                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.036331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.011694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.010609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.010851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.010590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.010578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.010555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.010607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.006180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  3002.369469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000790                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3473.917154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.039863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.010447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3471.881817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.021584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000256                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2500.001560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000783                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3448.001352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.019886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.010267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000743                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3548.745673                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.019545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3522.061474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.019860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.006992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000791                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3475.713505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.019897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.005238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3447.499580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.020185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.009462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000754                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3515.968163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.020125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.004676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4565.119500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.778314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4564.349826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4590.256453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4632.223456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.001780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4667.181020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4685.578613                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.194963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4609.895721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.000273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4633.900212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.175054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.007018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2502.369469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000790                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2973.917151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.039863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.010447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2971.881817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.021584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000256                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2000.001560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000783                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2948.001352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.019886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.010267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000743                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3048.745673                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.019545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3022.061477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.019860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.006992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000791                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2975.713502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.019897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.005238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2947.499580                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.020185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.009462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000754                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3015.968163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.020125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000246                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.004676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4065.119497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.778314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4064.349826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4090.256450                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4132.223453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.001780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4167.181020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.000029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4185.578610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.194963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  4109.895718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.000273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4133.900209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.175054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.121488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      3038471                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6910                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3253764                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1613148                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1342387                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       679445                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       744774                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     24307768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    234271008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12905184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     10739096                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48920040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5958192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         9115413                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        20730                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      9761292                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      8866605                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2038992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2479458                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         72923304                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       165840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    702813024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     70932840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    146807424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     19835664                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5552042019500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.978239                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6910                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2788639                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1342166                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    200782008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10737328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.816629                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2788639                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6691                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1342387                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       679445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       662721                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     22309112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        53528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     10739096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     48920040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5301768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.132125                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       342510                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31446                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31340                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       185537                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        92084                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        93234                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2740080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2264112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       250720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1484296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6630048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       745872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.265266                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31446                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       369483                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       188436                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26602776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1507488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125322                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       350178                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31265                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31100                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       170911                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83867                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        87043                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2801424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       248800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1367288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6038424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       696344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.269366                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31265                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       377230                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       173923                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       250120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27160560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1391384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       349891                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       173170                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        85168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2799128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2247984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1385360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6132096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       704008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.269166                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          829                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       376692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       176165                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27121824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1409320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.121525                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       336210                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31198                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30917                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       160422                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78434                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2689680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2246256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1283376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5903136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.259143                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31198                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          797                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       363234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163351                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26152848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1306808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.120154                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       335217                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31161                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30746                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       157630                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80582                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2681736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2243592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       245968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1261040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5801904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       616384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.258107                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31161                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          824                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       362002                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160600                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26064144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1284800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126436                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       361804                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31173                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30849                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       166895                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        85413                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        81482                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2894432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2244456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1335160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6149736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       651856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.276799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31173                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       388743                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       169812                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27989496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1358496                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127398                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       373089                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31180                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30593                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       163535                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        86474                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77061                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2984712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2244960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       244744                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1308280                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6226128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       616488                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.283928                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31180                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399697                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166501                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249440                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28778184                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1332008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.123474                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       339740                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31187                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       164287                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83869                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80418                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2717920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2245464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1314296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6038568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       643344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.261644                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31187                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       366510                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167263                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       249496                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26388720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1338104                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021533                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31446                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26973                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3118                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10555                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1942056                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24944                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84440                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024443                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31787                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30483                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2288664                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       243864                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021540                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31265                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27052                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3013                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       250120                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1947744                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24104                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024074                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31265                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30238                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251080                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241904                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021366                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31222                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26801                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2996                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1929672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23968                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31222                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29963                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2247984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021509                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31198                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27024                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2929                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1945728                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23432                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024020                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31198                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30120                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2246256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240960                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021349                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26785                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2970                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1928520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023980                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29922                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2243592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021449                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31173                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26939                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2917                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1939608                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23336                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023996                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31173                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30023                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2244456                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240184                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021231                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31180                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26608                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2966                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249440                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1915776                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23728                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023979                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31180                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29742                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2244960                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       237936                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021341                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        31187                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26770                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2976                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       249496                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1927440                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23808                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023997                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31187                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29915                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2245464                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239320                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006342                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          341                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24552                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006138                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82053                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656424                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.978238                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6910                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2788639                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1342166                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    200782008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10737328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.132125                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       342510                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31446                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31340                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       185537                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        92084                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        93234                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      2740080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2264112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       250720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1484296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6630048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       745872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.125322                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       350178                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31265                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31100                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       170911                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83867                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        87043                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      2801424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2251080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       248800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1367288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6038424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       696344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.126365                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       349891                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       173170                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        85168                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88001                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2799128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2247984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1385360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6132096                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       704008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.121525                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       336210                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31198                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30917                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       160422                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81988                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78434                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2689680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2246256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1283376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5903136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.120154                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       335217                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30746                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       157630                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80582                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2681736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2243592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       245968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1261040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5801904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       616384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.126436                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       361804                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31173                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30849                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       166895                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        85413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        81482                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2894432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2244456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1335160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6149736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       651856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.127398                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       373089                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30593                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       163535                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        86474                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77061                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      2984712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2244960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       244744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1308280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6226128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       616488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.123474                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       339740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31187                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       164287                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        83869                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80418                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      2717920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2245464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       246080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1314296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6038568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       643344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.021533                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        31446                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26973                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3118                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10555                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1942056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.021540                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        31265                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27052                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3013                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       250120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1947744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.021366                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        31222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26801                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2996                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       249776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1929672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.021509                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        31198                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        27024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2929                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       249584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1945728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.021349                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        31161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2970                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       249288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1928520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.021449                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        31173                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26939                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2917                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       249384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1939608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.021231                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        31180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       249440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1915776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.021341                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        31187                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26770                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       249496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1927440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.006342                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          341                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5473192                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.194212                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.070255                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     4704896     85.96%     85.96% |       10717      0.20%     86.16% |           0      0.00%     86.16% |           0      0.00%     86.16% |      693364     12.67%     98.83% |       11849      0.22%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |           0      0.00%     99.04% |       46636      0.85%     99.90% |        5730      0.10%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5473192                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4627953                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.242117                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.299561                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4469306     96.57%     96.57% |         613      0.01%     96.59% |          64      0.00%     96.59% |       72373      1.56%     98.15% |       85593      1.85%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4627953                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          6910                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6910    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            6910                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     40795584                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.558276                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.057329                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.345026                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    40789210     99.98%     99.98% |        1559      0.00%     99.99% |        1546      0.00%     99.99% |         401      0.00%     99.99% |        2738      0.01%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      40795584                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40052487                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40052487    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     40052487                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       743097                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.649032                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.336019                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    86.280988                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      736723     99.14%     99.14% |        1559      0.21%     99.35% |        1546      0.21%     99.56% |         401      0.05%     99.61% |        2738      0.37%     99.98% |         124      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       743097                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     23357012                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.705937                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.076034                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     27.467385                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    23337907     99.92%     99.92% |        4007      0.02%     99.94% |        5690      0.02%     99.96% |        2567      0.01%     99.97% |        6252      0.03%    100.00% |         491      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      23357012                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22892506                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22892506    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22892506                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       464506                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.780558                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.839908                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   175.285160                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      445401     95.89%     95.89% |        4007      0.86%     96.75% |        5690      1.22%     97.97% |        2567      0.55%     98.53% |        6252      1.35%     99.87% |         491      0.11%     99.98% |          82      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       464506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    211125431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.118516                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.018900                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.904427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   211123320    100.00%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |        1762      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    211125431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209735970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209735970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209735970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1389461                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.008279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.202671                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    44.656603                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1387350     99.85%     99.85% |         178      0.01%     99.86% |          66      0.00%     99.87% |          12      0.00%     99.87% |        1762      0.13%     99.99% |          82      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1389461                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1110949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.368729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.054591                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.264909                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1110913    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1110949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1090984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1090984    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1090984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19965                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.517856                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.253278                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.235241                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       19929     99.82%     99.82% |           1      0.01%     99.82% |           1      0.01%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |          33      0.17%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19965                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.632437                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.107980                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.353117                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        3553     96.52%     96.52% |           0      0.00%     96.52% |           0      0.00%     96.52% |           0      0.00%     96.52% |          58      1.58%     98.10% |          70      1.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3553                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3553    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3553                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.187500                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.082525                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.999016                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          58     45.31%     45.31% |          70     54.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3681                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       31446     12.59%     12.59% |       31265     12.51%     25.10% |       31222     12.50%     37.60% |       31198     12.49%     50.09% |       31161     12.47%     62.56% |       31173     12.48%     75.04% |       31180     12.48%     87.52% |       31187     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       249832                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       26973     12.55%     12.55% |       27052     12.59%     25.13% |       26801     12.47%     37.60% |       27024     12.57%     50.17% |       26785     12.46%     62.63% |       26939     12.53%     75.17% |       26608     12.38%     87.55% |       26770     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       214952                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       31568     12.63%     12.63% |       31265     12.51%     25.14% |       31222     12.49%     37.63% |       31198     12.48%     50.11% |       31161     12.47%     62.58% |       31173     12.47%     75.05% |       31180     12.47%     87.52% |       31187     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       249954                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       37014     12.53%     12.53% |       37093     12.56%     25.09% |       36849     12.48%     37.57% |       37071     12.55%     50.13% |       36832     12.47%     62.60% |       36986     12.52%     75.12% |       36654     12.41%     87.53% |       36815     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       295314                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        3118     13.05%     13.05% |        3013     12.61%     25.67% |        2996     12.54%     38.21% |        2929     12.26%     50.48% |        2970     12.43%     62.91% |        2917     12.21%     75.12% |        2966     12.42%     87.54% |        2976     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        23885                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       31446     12.59%     12.59% |       31265     12.51%     25.10% |       31222     12.50%     37.60% |       31198     12.49%     50.09% |       31161     12.47%     62.56% |       31173     12.48%     75.04% |       31180     12.48%     87.52% |       31187     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       249832                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |       10041     12.49%     12.49% |       10041     12.49%     24.99% |       10048     12.50%     37.49% |       10047     12.50%     50.00% |       10047     12.50%     62.50% |       10047     12.50%     75.00% |       10046     12.50%     87.50% |       10045     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        80362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |       10041     12.49%     12.49% |       10041     12.49%     24.99% |       10048     12.50%     37.49% |       10047     12.50%     50.00% |       10047     12.50%     62.50% |       10047     12.50%     75.00% |       10046     12.50%     87.50% |       10045     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        80362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       26581     12.46%     12.46% |       26879     12.60%     25.05% |       26635     12.48%     37.54% |       26857     12.59%     50.12% |       26618     12.47%     62.60% |       26772     12.55%     75.14% |       26440     12.39%     87.53% |       26601     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       213383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     12.81%     12.81% |         173     12.81%     25.63% |         166     12.30%     37.93% |         167     12.37%     50.30% |         167     12.37%     62.67% |         167     12.37%     75.04% |         168     12.44%     87.48% |         169     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1350                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        3118     13.05%     13.05% |        3013     12.61%     25.67% |        2996     12.54%     38.21% |        2929     12.26%     50.48% |        2970     12.43%     62.91% |        2917     12.21%     75.12% |        2966     12.42%     87.54% |        2976     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        23885                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       31446     12.59%     12.59% |       31265     12.51%     25.10% |       31222     12.50%     37.60% |       31198     12.49%     50.09% |       31161     12.47%     62.56% |       31173     12.48%     75.04% |       31180     12.48%     87.52% |       31187     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       249832                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       26581     12.46%     12.46% |       26879     12.60%     25.05% |       26635     12.48%     37.54% |       26857     12.59%     50.12% |       26618     12.47%     62.60% |       26772     12.55%     75.14% |       26440     12.39%     87.53% |       26601     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       213383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     12.81%     12.81% |         173     12.81%     25.63% |         166     12.30%     37.93% |         167     12.37%     50.30% |         167     12.37%     62.67% |         167     12.37%     75.04% |         168     12.44%     87.48% |         169     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1350                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     12.81%     12.81% |         173     12.81%     25.63% |         166     12.30%     37.93% |         167     12.37%     50.30% |         167     12.37%     62.67% |         167     12.37%     75.04% |         168     12.44%     87.48% |         169     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1350                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          341                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            341                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          341                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          341                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    40795584    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     40795584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   211125436    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    211125436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    24475323    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24475323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        6910    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2788543    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2788543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      788706    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       788706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1999933    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1999933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1342166    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1342166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       48978    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        48978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |       66308    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total        66308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       72824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        72824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      742290    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       742290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |     1389392    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1389392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      481424    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       481424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6691    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         6691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       46532    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        46532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |       56744    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total        56744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       72162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        72162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          95    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           95                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total          518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   209735970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    209735970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1446253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1446253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        9564    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         9564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    13702877    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     13702877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      125827    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       125827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      662652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       662652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load |        2258    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load::total         2258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store |         108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    26349092    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     26349092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23864897    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23864897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      679514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       679514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |         188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         554    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      742988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       742988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |     1389570    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1389570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      484599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       484599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1342166    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1342166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         807    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |          69    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       45718    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        45718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |       56682    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total        56682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |        3080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total         3080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       69082    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        69082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |      156973     10.85%     10.85% |      179265     12.40%     23.25% |      176646     12.22%     35.47% |      175760     12.15%     47.62% |      177586     12.28%     59.90% |      194906     13.48%     73.38% |      209548     14.49%     87.87% |      175452     12.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total      1446136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114205     14.48%     14.48% |      102624     13.01%     27.49% |      103224     13.09%     40.57% |       93318     11.83%     52.40% |       90315     11.45%     63.85% |       96948     12.29%     76.14% |       91228     11.57%     87.71% |       96960     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       788822                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       71332     12.88%     12.88% |       68289     12.33%     25.22% |       70021     12.65%     37.86% |       67132     12.12%     49.99% |       67316     12.16%     62.15% |       69950     12.63%     74.78% |       72313     13.06%     87.84% |       67328     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       553681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      185318     13.81%     13.81% |      170910     12.73%     26.54% |      173169     12.90%     39.44% |      160422     11.95%     51.40% |      157630     11.74%     63.14% |      166895     12.43%     75.58% |      163535     12.18%     87.76% |      164287     12.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1342166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       26581     12.46%     12.46% |       26879     12.60%     25.05% |       26635     12.48%     37.54% |       26857     12.59%     50.12% |       26618     12.47%     62.60% |       26772     12.55%     75.14% |       26440     12.39%     87.53% |       26601     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       213383                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3118     13.05%     13.05% |        3013     12.61%     25.67% |        2996     12.54%     38.21% |        2929     12.26%     50.48% |        2970     12.43%     62.91% |        2917     12.21%     75.12% |        2966     12.42%     87.54% |        2976     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        23885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       31446     12.59%     12.59% |       31265     12.51%     25.10% |       31222     12.50%     37.60% |       31198     12.49%     50.09% |       31161     12.47%     62.56% |       31173     12.48%     75.04% |       31180     12.48%     87.52% |       31187     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       249832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       30091     12.60%     12.60% |       30065     12.59%     25.19% |       29797     12.48%     37.66% |       29953     12.54%     50.20% |       29755     12.46%     62.66% |       29856     12.50%     75.16% |       29574     12.38%     87.55% |       29746     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       238837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         857     12.81%     12.81% |         862     12.88%     25.69% |         829     12.39%     38.08% |         797     11.91%     49.99% |         824     12.32%     62.31% |         826     12.34%     74.65% |         851     12.72%     87.37% |         845     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      185537     13.82%     13.82% |      170911     12.73%     26.55% |      173170     12.90%     39.45% |      160422     11.95%     51.40% |      157630     11.74%     63.15% |      166895     12.43%     75.58% |      163535     12.18%     87.76% |      164287     12.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1342387                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         784     24.98%     24.98% |         346     11.03%     36.01% |         332     10.58%     46.59% |         334     10.64%     57.23% |         334     10.64%     67.88% |         334     10.64%     78.52% |         336     10.71%     89.23% |         338     10.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         3138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         745     12.14%     12.14% |         777     12.66%     24.80% |         786     12.81%     37.60% |         764     12.45%     50.05% |         746     12.15%     62.20% |         758     12.35%     74.55% |         788     12.84%     87.39% |         774     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         6138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        6720     12.92%     12.92% |        6450     12.40%     25.32% |        6461     12.42%     37.74% |        6591     12.67%     50.40% |        6400     12.30%     62.71% |        6574     12.64%     75.34% |        6504     12.50%     87.85% |        6323     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        52023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       23981     12.51%     12.51% |       24038     12.54%     25.05% |       23975     12.51%     37.56% |       23843     12.44%     50.00% |       24015     12.53%     62.53% |       23841     12.44%     74.97% |       23888     12.46%     87.43% |       24090     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       191671                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |      156227     10.85%     10.85% |      178487     12.40%     23.24% |      175857     12.21%     35.46% |      174996     12.15%     47.61% |      176839     12.28%     59.89% |      194145     13.48%     73.37% |      208758     14.50%     87.87% |      174678     12.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total      1439987                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.72%      1.72% |          75     64.66%     66.38% |          28     24.14%     90.52% |           1      0.86%     91.38% |           3      2.59%     93.97% |           6      5.17%     99.14% |           1      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         857     12.81%     12.81% |         862     12.88%     25.69% |         829     12.39%     38.08% |         797     11.91%     49.99% |         824     12.32%     62.31% |         826     12.34%     74.65% |         851     12.72%     87.37% |         845     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           3     27.27%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      107485     14.59%     14.59% |       96172     13.05%     27.65% |       96688     13.12%     40.77% |       86699     11.77%     52.54% |       83914     11.39%     63.93% |       90371     12.27%     76.20% |       84718     11.50%     87.70% |       90636     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       736683                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       47351     13.08%     13.08% |       44251     12.22%     25.30% |       46046     12.72%     38.02% |       43289     11.96%     49.98% |       43301     11.96%     61.94% |       46109     12.74%     74.68% |       48425     13.38%     88.06% |       43238     11.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       362010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       26581     12.46%     12.46% |       26879     12.60%     25.05% |       26635     12.48%     37.54% |       26857     12.59%     50.12% |       26618     12.47%     62.60% |       26772     12.55%     75.14% |       26440     12.39%     87.53% |       26601     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       213383                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        2261     13.15%     13.15% |        2151     12.51%     25.66% |        2167     12.60%     38.26% |        2132     12.40%     50.66% |        2146     12.48%     63.14% |        2091     12.16%     75.31% |        2115     12.30%     87.61% |        2131     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        17194                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         173     12.81%     12.81% |         173     12.81%     25.63% |         166     12.30%     37.93% |         167     12.37%     50.30% |         167     12.37%     62.67% |         167     12.37%     75.04% |         168     12.44%     87.48% |         169     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      185318     13.81%     13.81% |      170910     12.73%     26.54% |      173169     12.90%     39.44% |      160422     11.95%     51.40% |      157630     11.74%     63.14% |      166895     12.43%     75.58% |      163535     12.18%     87.76% |      164287     12.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1342166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       30091     12.60%     12.60% |       30065     12.59%     25.19% |       29797     12.48%     37.66% |       29953     12.54%     50.20% |       29755     12.46%     62.66% |       29856     12.50%     75.16% |       29574     12.38%     87.55% |       29746     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       238837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         173     12.81%     12.81% |         173     12.81%     25.63% |         166     12.30%     37.93% |         167     12.37%     50.30% |         167     12.37%     62.67% |         167     12.37%     75.04% |         168     12.44%     87.48% |         169     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         857     12.81%     12.81% |         862     12.88%     25.69% |         829     12.39%     38.08% |         797     11.91%     49.99% |         824     12.32%     62.31% |         826     12.34%     74.65% |         851     12.72%     87.37% |         845     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         6691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        6720     12.92%     12.92% |        6450     12.40%     25.32% |        6461     12.42%     37.74% |        6591     12.67%     50.40% |        6400     12.30%     62.71% |        6574     12.64%     75.34% |        6504     12.50%     87.85% |        6323     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        52023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         745     12.14%     12.14% |         777     12.66%     24.80% |         786     12.81%     37.60% |         764     12.45%     50.05% |         746     12.15%     62.20% |         758     12.35%     74.55% |         788     12.84%     87.39% |         774     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         6138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       23981     12.51%     12.51% |       24038     12.54%     25.05% |       23975     12.51%     37.56% |       23843     12.44%     50.00% |       24015     12.53%     62.53% |       23841     12.44%     74.97% |       23888     12.46%     87.43% |       24090     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       191671                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      185537     13.82%     13.82% |      170911     12.73%     26.55% |      173170     12.90%     39.45% |      160422     11.95%     51.40% |      157630     11.74%     63.15% |      166895     12.43%     75.58% |      163535     12.18%     87.76% |      164287     12.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1342387                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
