
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.322708                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                322707512500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5540527344500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 659236                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1227839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              709134968                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1751452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   455.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     558755322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1974336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1974336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2128384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2128384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        30849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              30849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        33256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             33256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6118035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6118035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6595397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6595397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12713432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            12713432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      30849                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     33256                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    30849                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   33256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1953344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  20992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2123264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1974336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2128384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 323609159500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                30849                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               33256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  30520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        16291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.236818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.772967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   213.001228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4848     29.76%     29.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4442     27.27%     57.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2529     15.52%     72.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2779     17.06%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          786      4.82%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          257      1.58%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          148      0.91%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          112      0.69%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          390      2.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        16291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.531673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.187095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            167      9.04%      9.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             15      0.81%      9.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            26      1.41%     11.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           20      1.08%     12.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1310     70.93%     83.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          183      9.91%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           60      3.25%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           32      1.73%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           12      0.65%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            8      0.43%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.22%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.05%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.11%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.16%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.962101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.221204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.424862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1651     89.39%     89.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           24      1.30%     90.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.32%     91.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            8      0.43%     91.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      0.97%     92.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           15      0.81%     93.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      0.76%     93.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           16      0.87%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           20      1.08%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.43%     96.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            6      0.32%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.27%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.49%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.38%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.22%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           10      0.54%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.05%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.11%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.16%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.22%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.11%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.05%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            4      0.22%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2348954249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2921222999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 152605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    76961.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               95711.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        6.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   21806                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  25600                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               77.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5048111.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                97425300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                51782775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              230300700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             106425360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        9588998640.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2901834090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           583707360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    22463334630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13849763520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1309508919600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1359385522485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           245.353093                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        319184923500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    648276500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2110520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 276114887750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18913520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1657651250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24169719000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                89978280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                47824590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              228387180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             108508140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        8311162080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2731394400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           473591520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20958130500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11335861920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1311597977100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1355884655130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           244.721228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        321839658750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    513905750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1915772000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 281786602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16363257000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1741927000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  23696550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1960064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1960064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2133568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2133568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        30626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              30626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        33337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             33337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6073810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              6073810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6611461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6611461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12685270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            12685270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      30626                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     33337                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    30626                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   33337                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1946560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  13504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2133696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1960064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2133568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       92                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 326003317500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                30626                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               33337                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  30415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  2036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        15642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   260.852576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   184.600708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.772170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4671     29.86%     29.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3960     25.32%     55.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2459     15.72%     70.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2446     15.64%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1158      7.40%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          256      1.64%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          152      0.97%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          132      0.84%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          408      2.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        15642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.524172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.797665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            144      7.82%      7.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             27      1.47%      9.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            16      0.87%     10.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           23      1.25%     11.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1331     72.30%     83.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          182      9.89%     93.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           63      3.42%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           28      1.52%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           12      0.65%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            4      0.22%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.05%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.109180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.198445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.031438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1665     90.44%     90.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           25      1.36%     91.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.33%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.22%     92.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            8      0.43%     92.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            5      0.27%     93.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           24      1.30%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           11      0.60%     94.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           18      0.98%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      0.27%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           14      0.76%     96.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.16%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.22%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.05%     97.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.16%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           12      0.65%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.11%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.16%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.22%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.11%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.05%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.11%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.05%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.05%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.11%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.05%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            4      0.22%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.05%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::114-115            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2312591500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2882872750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 152075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    76034.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               94784.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        6.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     6.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   22323                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  25789                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               77.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   5096748.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                93576840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                49737270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              229236840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             106300080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        9168584880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2839116990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           594827040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    21088122990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13277848800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1310561867340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1358011583760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           245.105114                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        321668114000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    696900250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   2000476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 281740233250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18293917750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1640401000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21857703750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                87207960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                46352130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              228901260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             109066680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        8317308480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2780035920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           489582720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    20187896340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11520765120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1311938729550                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1355707203660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           244.689200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        321676354250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    559237750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1925416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 282585206750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17100833250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1841181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21996439000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1957568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1957568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2119104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2119104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        30587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              30587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        33111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             33111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6066075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6066075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6566640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             6566640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12632715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12632715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      30587                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     33111                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    30587                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   33111                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1945152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  12416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2119040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                1957568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2119104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      100                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 324654821500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                30587                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               33111                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  30393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  1995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        14791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   274.774660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.184969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.270992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3999     27.04%     27.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3714     25.11%     52.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2396     16.20%     68.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2038     13.78%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1726     11.67%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          245      1.66%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      0.93%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          126      0.85%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          409      2.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        14791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.627462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.035188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            147      8.04%      8.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             18      0.98%      9.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            24      1.31%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      0.82%     11.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1323     72.37%     83.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          176      9.63%     93.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           67      3.67%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           22      1.20%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           11      0.60%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            9      0.49%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.22%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.11%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.11%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.112691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.213184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.907073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1651     90.32%     90.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           21      1.15%     91.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.33%     91.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.27%     92.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            9      0.49%     92.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            7      0.38%     92.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           24      1.31%     94.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            8      0.44%     94.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           24      1.31%     96.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.33%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           13      0.71%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.11%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.38%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.27%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.05%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.05%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            8      0.44%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.05%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.11%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.16%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.05%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.11%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.16%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.11%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.11%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.05%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.16%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            3      0.16%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            2      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2327911246                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2897779996                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 151965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    76593.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               95343.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        6.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        6.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     6.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     6.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   23109                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  25603                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               77.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5096782.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                90135360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                47908080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              227623200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             105151680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        8839137840.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2788623540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           587902080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19745929170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12997519200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1311445938450                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1356877584060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.900440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        320260971500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    663304500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1867546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 283757042000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17573753750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1643213250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19154857000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                83302380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                44276265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              227908800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             108393300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        8161189920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2710680600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           492923040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18689825760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11696203680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1312727785860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1354944193275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.551486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        321825086250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    571903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1852242000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 285606111250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17357511000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1751164250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  18866963250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1957312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1957312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2136512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2136512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        30583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              30583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        33383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             33383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6065282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6065282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6620583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             6620583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12685865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            12685865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      30583                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     33383                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    30583                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   33383                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1946240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  11072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2136256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                1957312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2136512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            1962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             1901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      101                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 322688631500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                30583                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               33383                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  30410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  1975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        14183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   287.848833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.132952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.058784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3429     24.18%     24.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3594     25.34%     49.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2381     16.79%     66.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1822     12.85%     79.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2026     14.28%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          252      1.78%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          151      1.06%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          136      0.96%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          392      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        14183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.542982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.833589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            140      7.62%      7.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             18      0.98%      8.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            25      1.36%      9.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           16      0.87%     10.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1345     73.18%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          184     10.01%     94.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           55      2.99%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           27      1.47%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           10      0.54%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            6      0.33%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.05%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.11%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.160501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.228002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.997721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1665     90.59%     90.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      1.25%     91.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      0.27%     92.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            1      0.05%     92.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      0.33%     92.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           11      0.60%     93.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           18      0.98%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      0.33%     94.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           23      1.25%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      0.27%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            9      0.49%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.16%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.49%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.27%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.11%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.76%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.11%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.27%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.11%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.27%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.11%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.05%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.11%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.11%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.16%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            4      0.22%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2360216999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2930404499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 152050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    77613.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               96363.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        6.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        6.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     6.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     6.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   23592                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  26015                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               77.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5044689.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   77.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                87429300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                46469775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              228915540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             106247880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        8734034400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2720790690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           607771200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19045820970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12984795840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1311871172310                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1356435397155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.820630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        318539438500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    724918000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1854040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 282872054750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17866030750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1574754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17817039250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                81303180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                43213665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              228558540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             109077120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        8001383520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2672454120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           490570080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18034304670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11497761120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1313219778330                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1354379223435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.449515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        322297271500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    573561750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1807520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 287657007500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17232575750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1699746250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17420348250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1955200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1955200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2120512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        2120512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        30550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              30550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        33133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             33133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      6058737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              6058737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      6571003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             6571003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     12629740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            12629740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      30550                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     33133                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    30550                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   33133                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1944256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  10944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                2120960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1955200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             2120512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   171                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             2027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             2066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             2250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            2221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            2230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            2083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            2097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            2031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                      107                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 326218031500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                30550                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               33133                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  30379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  1869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  1909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  1929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  1924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  1899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  1936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  1923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  1937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  1889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  1905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  1887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        14286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   284.559429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.992864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.411140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3466     24.26%     24.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3708     25.96%     50.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2414     16.90%     67.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1731     12.12%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2047     14.33%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          271      1.90%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      0.97%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          120      0.84%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          390      2.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        14286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.683315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.148702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            145      7.96%      7.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             16      0.88%      8.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            17      0.93%      9.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.99%     10.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1327     72.83%     83.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          175      9.60%     93.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           66      3.62%     96.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           24      1.32%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      0.71%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      0.27%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.16%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.11%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.05%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.188804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.246809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.085567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1645     90.29%     90.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           22      1.21%     91.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            8      0.44%     91.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.22%     92.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            5      0.27%     92.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            5      0.27%     92.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           24      1.32%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            6      0.33%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           26      1.43%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.38%     96.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.66%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.05%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.33%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.27%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.11%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.05%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           10      0.55%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.11%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.05%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.22%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.05%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.11%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.22%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.05%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            3      0.16%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.05%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.05%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.05%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            4      0.22%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            4      0.22%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  2393131250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             2962737500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 151895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    78775.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               97525.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        6.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        6.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     6.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     6.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   23705                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  25528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               77.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   5122529.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   77.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                87829140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                46682295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              227844540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             105454440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        8845898880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2773369200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           604072320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18668524860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13358124960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1311899850630                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1356619299615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.853823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        321980458750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    696879500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1903506000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 285964321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18842491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1627090500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17193471000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                81060420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                43084635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              227944500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             108377640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        8066535360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2677691850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           502480800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17535840810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11894504640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1313288197200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1354427351265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           244.458202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        322210694750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    605782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1830692000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 287589828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17856213500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1653002750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16776691750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1956160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1956160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2127872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        2127872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        30565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              30565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        33248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             33248                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      6061712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              6061712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      6593810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             6593810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     12655522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            12655522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      30565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     33248                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    30565                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   33248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1945344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  10816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                2127744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1956160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             2127872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            1972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             2126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             2030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             2098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             2221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             2256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            2083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            2005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                      107                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 323704667000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                30565                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               33248                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  30396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  1868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  1907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  1946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  1948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  1913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  1957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  1941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  1982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  2035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  1949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  1907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  1918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  1909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        14098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   288.912470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.250141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.752078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3336     23.66%     23.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3645     25.85%     49.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2323     16.48%     66.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1763     12.51%     78.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2116     15.01%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          237      1.68%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          141      1.00%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          133      0.94%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          404      2.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        14098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.582106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.050268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            152      8.29%      8.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             11      0.60%      8.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            16      0.87%      9.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           16      0.87%     10.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1333     72.72%     83.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          202     11.02%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           49      2.67%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           26      1.42%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           10      0.55%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.16%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.22%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.11%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.11%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.05%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.05%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.16%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.137480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.228884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     8.839525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1654     90.23%     90.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      1.25%     91.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.33%     91.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.16%     91.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           10      0.55%     92.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.49%     93.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           22      1.20%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           15      0.82%     95.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.93%     95.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      0.27%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           10      0.55%     96.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.05%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.22%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            8      0.44%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.71%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.05%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.05%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.11%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.11%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.05%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.27%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            4      0.22%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.11%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            7      0.38%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            4      0.22%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  2369575500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             2939500500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 151980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    77956.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               96706.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        6.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        6.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     6.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     6.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   23699                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  25845                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                77.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               77.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   5072707.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   77.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                88428900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                47001075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              228665640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             105919020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        8816396160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2756546790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           594933600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19000686090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13214019840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1311778912560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1356633515685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.856388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        319484238250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    726553500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1879770000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 283747910250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18373348750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1601408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17380359000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                80360700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                42712725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              227958780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             108461160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        7913490000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2611560450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           481409280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17816674680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11441789280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1313381558370                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1354107045765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           244.400390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        320117599000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    569131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1777530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 286130808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17067731750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1616102000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16931092750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1957184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           1957184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2107968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        2107968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        30581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              30581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        32937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             32937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      6064885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              6064885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      6532132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             6532132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     12597017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            12597017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      30581                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     32937                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    30581                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   32937                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1945664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  11520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                2108544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                1957184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             2107968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   180                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             2133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             2023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             1893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             2037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             2244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            1998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       96                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 322688088500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                30581                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               32937                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  30401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  1844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  1894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  1929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  1909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  1890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  1945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  1915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  1994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  1910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  1883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  1892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        13855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   292.621581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   211.376801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.972072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3265     23.57%     23.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3498     25.25%     48.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2327     16.80%     65.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1681     12.13%     77.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2139     15.44%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          227      1.64%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          163      1.18%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          131      0.95%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          424      3.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        13855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.810945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.616839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            158      8.73%      8.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            39      2.16%     10.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         1490     82.37%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           90      4.98%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           14      0.77%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            6      0.33%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            4      0.22%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            1      0.06%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            2      0.11%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.11%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.212272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.246176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.213798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1637     90.49%     90.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      1.27%     91.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.17%     91.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.39%     92.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      0.33%     92.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      0.33%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           22      1.22%     94.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      0.39%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           18      1.00%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.11%     95.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           13      0.72%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.17%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.28%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.33%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.11%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.77%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.11%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.06%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.06%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.22%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.06%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.06%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.17%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.06%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.06%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.06%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.11%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.11%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.11%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            4      0.22%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            4      0.22%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  2365885249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             2935903999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 152005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    77822.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               96572.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        6.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        6.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     6.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     6.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   23798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  25695                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                78.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               78.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   5080262.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   78.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                86458260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                45953655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              227387580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             104817600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        8743254000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2726383530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           606528480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18608571120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    13135800480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1312055971305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1356342659640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.803892                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        318541902500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    717304500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1867326000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 283171308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  18297618500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1565420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  17089251250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                79282560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                42139680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              226866360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             107589420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        7869850560.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2604588210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           482722560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17523371490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11411540640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1313571488070                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1353920394810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           244.366702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        322002585250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    572638250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1774748000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288263289000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17126488750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1654792500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16624017000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1955840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           1955840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2116480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        2116480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        30560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              30560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        33070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             33070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      6060720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              6060720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      6558509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             6558509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     12619229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            12619229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      30560                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     33070                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    30560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   33070                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1946112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                   9728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                2116992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                1955840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             2116480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            1968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            1924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             2117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             1936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             2009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             2062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             1972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             2245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            2290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            2078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            2011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                      111                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 322687545000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                30560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               33070                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  30408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  1862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  1912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  1932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  1914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  1886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  1945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  1923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  1916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  1882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  1902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  1905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        14121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   287.739395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.519648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.371592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3470     24.57%     24.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3464     24.53%     49.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2422     17.15%     66.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1703     12.06%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2144     15.18%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          254      1.80%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          150      1.06%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          122      0.86%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          392      2.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        14121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     16.751101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.002144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            138      7.60%      7.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             21      1.16%      8.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            14      0.77%      9.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.99%     10.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         1313     72.30%     82.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          190     10.46%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           67      3.69%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           23      1.27%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           16      0.88%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.06%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.22%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.17%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            2      0.11%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.06%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.06%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.214758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.236415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.340107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1650     90.86%     90.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           19      1.05%     91.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            1      0.06%     91.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.28%     92.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      0.33%     92.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            7      0.39%     92.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           23      1.27%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            8      0.44%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           22      1.21%     95.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.11%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.39%     96.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.22%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.28%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.28%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.06%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.11%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.77%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.22%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.17%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.17%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            6      0.33%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.06%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.11%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.06%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.06%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            3      0.17%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.11%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.06%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            3      0.17%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.06%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.06%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  2389265497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             2959415497                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 152040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    78573.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               97323.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        6.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        6.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     6.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     6.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   23863                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  25503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               77.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   5071311.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   77.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                87750600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                46640550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              228165840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             105235200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        8692853520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2790836280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           594009600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18601734540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    12935266560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1312142672925                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1356226845675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.782989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        318420462250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    695770750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1845010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 283578751000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17956451500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1729368750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16902247500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                79889460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                42462255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              227801700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             108007020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        7924553520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2601637320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           492917760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17428223100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    11538416640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1313579449215                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1354024410660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           244.385476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        322033929500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    574710250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1785086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 288203809250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17286133250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1609337250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16554573000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   40521466                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   24744325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        29698                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        23923                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  204457222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15263                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 44                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           22                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    581983994.090909                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   897802680.166893                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           22    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       195001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2299345556                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             22                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   314395571629                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  12803647870                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       645415025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157629830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    286126684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            282095911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                618853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4943374                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     25239925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   282095911                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       618853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          571928231                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         225622239                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              722681                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             516490                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           206369775                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           97790829                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     65208289                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40482204                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  24726085                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              25607295.739921                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              619807729.260079                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.960324                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.039676                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         32132672                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1528498      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                218832577     76.48%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  194692      0.07%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    62576      0.02%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 309900      0.11%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                40327261     14.09%     91.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               24675342      8.62%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             154897      0.05%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             50743      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 286136486                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                6102                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               6102                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               776                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              776                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        22236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   23788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        13804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        24582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    27686                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              6933500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              5428489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             3246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3629745                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1164399                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            16562500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3346432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          895                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6670699                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.056173                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.917877                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     5842555     87.59%     87.59% |        9806      0.15%     87.73% |          59      0.00%     87.73% |       16998      0.25%     87.99% |      730454     10.95%     98.94% |       10717      0.16%     99.10% |           0      0.00%     99.10% |           0      0.00%     99.10% |       54602      0.82%     99.92% |        5508      0.08%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6670699                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    269918724                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000067                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000046                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008160                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   269900748     99.99%     99.99% |       17976      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    269918724                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      269918724                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.289741                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.017207                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.375225                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   269882911     99.99%     99.99% |        4820      0.00%     99.99% |        6579      0.00%     99.99% |        2702      0.00%     99.99% |       20352      0.01%    100.00% |         714      0.00%    100.00% |         563      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        269918724                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    268496599                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   268496599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    268496599                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1422125                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.992814                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.487525                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   161.427455                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1386312     97.48%     97.48% |        4820      0.34%     97.82% |        6579      0.46%     98.28% |        2702      0.19%     98.47% |       20352      1.43%     99.90% |         714      0.05%     99.95% |         563      0.04%     99.99% |          83      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1422125                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5610.565065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.031662                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.180533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5624.640084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.010702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5665.560207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5698.203042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009668                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.102671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5699.731822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.282851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5719.942235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5660.323799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.128640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5708.596671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.009711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     64544047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       932764                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     65476811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    203952552                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       489361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    204441913                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.418613                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.001464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            7                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000186                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1417953                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams       117147                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested       116068                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits         4172                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed         1121                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007965                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.000082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3959.545224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4919.080071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       180571                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       211347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000926                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   923.096221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.036513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.014185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4902.463953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       160585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        30626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       191211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000834                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   939.519901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000495                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4916.854207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       159325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        30587                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       189912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000833                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   947.728502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.018857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.024837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4912.596002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       160865                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        30583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       191448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   953.140681                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.018432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5197.369314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       150396                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        30550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       180946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000795                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   910.736461                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.018669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5146.967804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       159622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        30565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       190187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   906.619171                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.018981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.005407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4972.984329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       163241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        30581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       193822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000843                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   963.067956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.008512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000484                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5097.687067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       154333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        30560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       184893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000814                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   911.663344                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.003983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3459.545224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.000082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.008936                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2412.644385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.004526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.917077                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1533766                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1533766                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1042954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1036860                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       651696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       384966                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     12270128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        51776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110431152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8343632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8294880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     46922112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3079728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4419.080071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.036513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.014185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3051.618557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000601                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1423.098732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.148778                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       242123                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       268997                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       180094                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147164                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        87624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59358                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      1936984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19367784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1440752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1177312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6308928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       474864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4402.463956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000210                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3083.374498                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1439.519929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.136042                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       221837                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2          822                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       248792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127489                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48111                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1774696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17913024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1282880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1019912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5715072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       384888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000495                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4416.854210                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.018857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.024837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3138.647758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1447.728502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.136302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       220499                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2          775                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       247221                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       162277                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81350                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48403                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1763992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17799912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1298216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1038040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5857200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       387224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4412.596005                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.018432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.004841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000210                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3157.437440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1453.141970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.135744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       222031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2          733                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       249026                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       158407                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125847                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78795                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47050                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1776248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17929872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1267256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1006776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5673240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       376400                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4697.369318                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.018669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.007004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3154.325786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000517                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1410.737816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1005.471993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.130947                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       211496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       238241                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       155771                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123324                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77722                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1691968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17153352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1246168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       986592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5595984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       364784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4646.967804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.018981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.005407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000210                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3171.016587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000536                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1406.619199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.136324                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       220752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       247612                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       159335                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        44703                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1766016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17828064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1274680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1014144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5908608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       357624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4472.984332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.008512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3116.923680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000545                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1463.068076                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.138640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       224403                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       250953                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       161104                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128765                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84600                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        44164                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1795224                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18068616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1288832                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1030120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6091200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       353312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000484                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4597.687070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.002692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3171.839119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000530                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1411.663404                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.133735                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       215453                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2          817                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       242137                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160265                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80165                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47579                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1723624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17433864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1282120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1021984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5771880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380632                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5110.565065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.180533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.032188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.023145                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        30776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57903                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32302                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6789                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       246208                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4169016                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       258416                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54312                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5124.640087                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.010846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.023008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        30626                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57581                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32051                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       245008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4145832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       256408                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5165.560207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.022900                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        30587                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57309                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31749                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       244696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4126248                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253992                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5198.203042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.102671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.022996                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        30583                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57578                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31829                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       244664                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4145616                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       254632                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5199.731822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.282851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.022891                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        30550                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57295                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31691                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       244400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4125240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253528                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5219.942235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.056605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.022941                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57425                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31784                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       244520                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4134600                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       254272                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5160.323799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.128640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.022830                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        30581                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57131                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31549                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       244648                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113432                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252392                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5208.596668                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.009821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.022874                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        30560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57244                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31704                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       244480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4121568                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253632                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.004149                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52541                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18216                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420328                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.003983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2912.644382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1500.004526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3551.618560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000601                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1923.098732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3583.374495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1939.519929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3638.647758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1947.728502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3657.437440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1953.141969                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3654.325786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000517                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1910.737816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time  1505.471993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3671.016587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000536                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1906.619199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3616.923680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000545                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1963.068075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3671.839122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000530                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1911.663404                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.032188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.010846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.009684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.009766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.009791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.056605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.009725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.009821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.003983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2959.545224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time  2500.000082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3919.080071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.036513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time  2500.014185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3902.463960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.020654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000495                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3916.854213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.018857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time  2500.024837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3912.596008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.018432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2500.004841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  4197.369321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.018669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  2500.007004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  4146.967804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.018981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  2500.005407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3972.984335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.019089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time  2500.008512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000484                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  4097.687074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.019343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time  2500.002692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4610.565065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.180533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4624.640090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4665.560207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4698.203042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.102671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4699.731822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.282851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4719.942235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4660.323799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.128640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4708.596665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.000060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.004487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2459.545224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2000.000082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3419.080071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.036513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2000.014185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3402.463963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.020654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000495                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3416.854216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.018857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2000.024837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3412.596011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.018432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2000.004841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3697.369324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.018669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2000.007004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3646.967804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.018981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time  2000.005407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3472.984338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.019089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2000.008512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000484                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3597.687077                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.019343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time  2000.002692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4110.565065                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.180533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4124.640093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4165.560207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4198.203042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.102671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4199.731822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.282851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4219.942235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  4160.323799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.128640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4208.596661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.000060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.084666                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1778594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1993232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1297613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1036860                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       651696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       437507                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     14228752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        51776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    143512704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10380904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8294880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     46922112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3500056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5335782                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        19416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5979696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      7003419                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1955628                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1469385                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         42686256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       155328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    430538112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     56027352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    140805216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     11755080                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5540527344500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.150193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1533766                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1036662                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        51776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110431152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8293296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.683961                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1533766                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6292                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1036860                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       651696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       384966                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12270128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        50336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8294880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     46922112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3079728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.117417                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       211347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147164                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        87624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59358                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1690776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2215872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       244520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1177312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6308928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       474864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.180139                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       238221                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       149529                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       246208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17151912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1196232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.107468                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       191211                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30626                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30402                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127489                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48111                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1529688                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2205072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       243216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1019912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5715072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       384888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.164615                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30626                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          822                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       218166                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       129958                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       245008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15707952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1039664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.108890                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       189912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30587                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30084                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81350                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48403                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1519296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2202264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1038040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5857200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       387224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.163713                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30587                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          775                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216634                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       132193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15597648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1057544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.106828                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       191448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30219                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125847                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78795                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47050                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1531584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2201976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1006776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5673240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       376400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.164661                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          733                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       218443                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       128188                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15727896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1025504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.104922                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       180946                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30550                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30052                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123324                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77722                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1447568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2199600                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       986592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5595984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       364784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156972                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30550                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       207691                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       125719                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244400                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14953752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1005752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.108883                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       190187                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30180                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        44703                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1521496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2200680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1014144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5908608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       357624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.163765                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       217047                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       129155                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15627384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1033240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.111037                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       193822                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30581                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29915                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128765                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84600                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        44164                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1550576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2201832                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239320                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1030120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6091200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       353312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.166243                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30581                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       220372                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       131189                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15866784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1049512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.107437                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       184893                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30086                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80165                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47579                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1479144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2200320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1021984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5771880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160033                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        30560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          817                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       211577                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       130179                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       244480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15233544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1041432                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021845                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26874                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2547                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6789                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       246208                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1934928                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54312                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024446                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31029                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29755                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2234088                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       238040                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021864                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30626                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26955                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2471                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       245008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1940760                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19768                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024151                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30626                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29580                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2205072                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       236640                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30587                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26722                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1923984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024103                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30587                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29309                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2202264                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021879                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30583                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26995                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2343                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244664                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1943640                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18744                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024114                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30583                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29486                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2201976                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       235888                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021706                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30550                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26745                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2399                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1925640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19192                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024076                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30550                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2199600                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021787                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26860                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2388                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244520                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1933920                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19104                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024094                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29396                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2200680                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       235168                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021575                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30581                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26550                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2425                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244648                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1911600                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19400                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024084                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30581                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29124                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2201832                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       232992                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021667                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        30560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26684                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2435                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       244480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1921248                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024081                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29269                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2200320                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004227                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18216                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004070                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52541                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420328                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.150192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1533766                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1036662                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        51776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110431152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8293296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.117417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       211347                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147164                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        87624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59358                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1690776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2215872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       244520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1177312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6308928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       474864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.107468                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       191211                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30626                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30402                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127489                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1529688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2205072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       243216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1019912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5715072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       384888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.108890                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       189912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30587                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30084                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129755                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81350                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48403                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1519296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2202264                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1038040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5857200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       387224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.106828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       191448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30583                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125847                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47050                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1531584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2201976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1006776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5673240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       376400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.104922                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       180946                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30550                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30052                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123324                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        77722                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45598                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1447568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2199600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       986592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5595984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       364784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.108883                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       190187                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        44703                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1521496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2200680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       241440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1014144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5908608                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       357624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.111037                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       193822                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30581                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29915                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       128765                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        84600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        44164                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1550576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2201832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239320                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1030120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6091200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       353312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.107437                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       184893                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30086                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127748                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        80165                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47579                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1479144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2200320                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1021984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5771880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.021845                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        30776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26874                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2547                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6789                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       246208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1934928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.021864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        30626                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26955                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2471                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       245008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1940760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.021696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        30587                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26722                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       244696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1923984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.021879                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        30583                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26995                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2343                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       244664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1943640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.021706                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        30550                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26745                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2399                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       244400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1925640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.021787                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        30565                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26860                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2388                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       244520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1933920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.021575                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        30581                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26550                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2425                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       244648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1911600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.021667                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        30560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26684                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2435                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       244480                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1921248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19480                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.004227                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3607288                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.772672                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.644048                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2864999     79.42%     79.42% |        9516      0.26%     79.69% |           0      0.00%     79.69% |           0      0.00%     79.69% |      661949     18.35%     98.04% |       10714      0.30%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |       54602      1.51%     99.85% |        5508      0.15%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3607288                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3056939                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.212916                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.260891                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2971086     97.19%     97.19% |         288      0.01%     97.20% |          59      0.00%     97.20% |       16998      0.56%     97.76% |       68505      2.24%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3056939                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          6472                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000618                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.035155                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6470     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            6472                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39510530                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.353834                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.036354                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.168321                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    39506734     99.99%     99.99% |         806      0.00%     99.99% |         754      0.00%     99.99% |         144      0.00%     99.99% |        1999      0.01%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      39510530                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39049696                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39049696    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39049696                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       460834                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.336655                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.360762                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    89.191907                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      457038     99.18%     99.18% |         806      0.17%     99.35% |         754      0.16%     99.51% |         144      0.03%     99.55% |        1999      0.43%     99.98% |          75      0.02%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       460834                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     24712614                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.195970                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.073185                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     37.667952                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    24681989     99.88%     99.88% |        3949      0.02%     99.89% |        5789      0.02%     99.92% |        2552      0.01%     99.93% |       17133      0.07%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |         542      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      24712614                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24258594                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    24258594    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     24258594                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       454020                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.528135                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.733775                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   251.407916                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      423395     93.25%     93.25% |        3949      0.87%     94.12% |        5789      1.28%     95.40% |        2552      0.56%     95.96% |       17133      3.77%     99.74% |         577      0.13%     99.86% |         542      0.12%     99.98% |          83      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       454020                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    204441959                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.046835                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006850                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.138495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   204440612    100.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |        1181      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    204441959                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    203952552                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   203952552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    203952552                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       489407                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.564408                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.320048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.097472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      488060     99.72%     99.72% |          64      0.01%     99.74% |          35      0.01%     99.74% |           6      0.00%     99.75% |        1181      0.24%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       489407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1248487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.306082                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.043239                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.589423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1248442    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1248487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1230693                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1230693    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1230693                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.475722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.492809                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.890971                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17749     99.75%     99.75% |           1      0.01%     99.75% |           1      0.01%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |          39      0.22%     99.98% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17794                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.479938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.082815                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.885224                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2497     97.27%     97.27% |           0      0.00%     97.27% |           0      0.00%     97.27% |           0      0.00%     97.27% |          42      1.64%     98.91% |          28      1.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           70                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.600000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.499376                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.973741                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          42     60.00%     60.00% |          28     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           70                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2567    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2567    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2567                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       30776     12.57%     12.57% |       30626     12.51%     25.08% |       30587     12.49%     37.57% |       30583     12.49%     50.06% |       30550     12.48%     62.54% |       30565     12.48%     75.03% |       30581     12.49%     87.52% |       30560     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       244828                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       26874     12.54%     12.54% |       26955     12.57%     25.11% |       26722     12.46%     37.57% |       26995     12.59%     50.16% |       26745     12.48%     62.64% |       26860     12.53%     75.17% |       26550     12.38%     87.55% |       26684     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       214385                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       30849     12.60%     12.60% |       30626     12.51%     25.10% |       30587     12.49%     37.59% |       30583     12.49%     50.08% |       30550     12.47%     62.55% |       30565     12.48%     75.03% |       30581     12.49%     87.52% |       30560     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       244901                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       33256     12.53%     12.53% |       33337     12.56%     25.08% |       33111     12.47%     37.56% |       33383     12.57%     50.13% |       33133     12.48%     62.61% |       33248     12.52%     75.14% |       32937     12.41%     87.54% |       33070     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       265475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6536     12.50%     12.50% |        6536     12.50%     25.00% |        6536     12.50%     37.50% |        6536     12.50%     50.00% |        6536     12.50%     62.50% |        6536     12.50%     75.00% |        6536     12.50%     87.50% |        6536     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        52288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        2547     13.10%     13.10% |        2471     12.71%     25.80% |        2440     12.55%     38.35% |        2343     12.05%     50.40% |        2399     12.34%     62.73% |        2388     12.28%     75.01% |        2425     12.47%     87.48% |        2435     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        19448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       30776     12.57%     12.57% |       30626     12.51%     25.08% |       30587     12.49%     37.57% |       30583     12.49%     50.06% |       30550     12.48%     62.54% |       30565     12.48%     75.03% |       30581     12.49%     87.52% |       30560     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       244828                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          73    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           73                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        6382     12.49%     12.49% |        6382     12.49%     24.98% |        6389     12.51%     37.49% |        6388     12.50%     49.99% |        6388     12.50%     62.50% |        6388     12.50%     75.00% |        6387     12.50%     87.50% |        6386     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        51090                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          73    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           73                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        6382     12.49%     12.49% |        6382     12.49%     24.98% |        6389     12.51%     37.49% |        6388     12.50%     49.99% |        6388     12.50%     62.50% |        6388     12.50%     75.00% |        6387     12.50%     87.50% |        6386     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        51090                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       26540     12.46%     12.46% |       26801     12.58%     25.04% |       26575     12.48%     37.52% |       26847     12.60%     50.12% |       26597     12.49%     62.61% |       26712     12.54%     75.15% |       26401     12.39%     87.54% |       26534     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       213007                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         154     12.85%     12.85% |         154     12.85%     25.71% |         147     12.27%     37.98% |         148     12.35%     50.33% |         148     12.35%     62.69% |         148     12.35%     75.04% |         149     12.44%     87.48% |         150     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        2547     13.10%     13.10% |        2471     12.71%     25.80% |        2440     12.55%     38.35% |        2343     12.05%     50.40% |        2399     12.34%     62.73% |        2388     12.28%     75.01% |        2425     12.47%     87.48% |        2435     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        19448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       30776     12.57%     12.57% |       30626     12.51%     25.08% |       30587     12.49%     37.57% |       30583     12.49%     50.06% |       30550     12.48%     62.54% |       30565     12.48%     75.03% |       30581     12.49%     87.52% |       30560     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       244828                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       26540     12.46%     12.46% |       26801     12.58%     25.04% |       26575     12.48%     37.52% |       26847     12.60%     50.12% |       26597     12.49%     62.61% |       26712     12.54%     75.15% |       26401     12.39%     87.54% |       26534     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       213007                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         154     12.85%     12.85% |         154     12.85%     25.71% |         147     12.27%     37.98% |         148     12.35%     50.33% |         148     12.35%     62.69% |         148     12.35%     75.04% |         149     12.44%     87.48% |         150     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         154     12.85%     12.85% |         154     12.85%     25.71% |         147     12.27%     37.98% |         148     12.35%     50.33% |         148     12.35%     62.69% |         148     12.35%     75.04% |         149     12.44%     87.48% |         150     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1198                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          253                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            253                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          253                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        52288                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          253                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       52288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        52288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    39510530    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     39510530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   204441966    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    204441966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    25966235    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25966235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        6472    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1533687    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1533687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      495062    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       495062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1038704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1036662    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1036662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |       36786    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total        36786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |        9275    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total         9275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |       74137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total        74137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      460316    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       460316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      489360    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       489360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      468199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       468199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6273    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         6273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load |       34866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Load::total        34866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch |        7425    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Ifetch::total         7425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store |       73522    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.PF_Store::total        73522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          77    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         119    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total          514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   203952552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    203952552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      496906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       496906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch |        1850    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.PF_Ifetch::total         1850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    11612651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     11612651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      110534    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       110534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      384918    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load |        1832    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Load::total         1832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store |         122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.PF_Store::total          122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    27436531    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     27436531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    25383817    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     25383817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      651744    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       651744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load |          87    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Load::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store |         489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.PF_Store::total          489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      460721    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       460721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      489520    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       489520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      471884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       471884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1036662    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1036662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load |         518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Load::total          518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Ifetch::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive |       34341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_Exclusive::total        34341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks |        7386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.Data_all_Acks::total         7386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.PF_Load |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IS.PF_Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store |        3608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Store::total         3608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks |       69914    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.Data_all_Acks::total        69914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.PF_Store |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_IM.PF_Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       64183     12.92%     12.92% |       63720     12.83%     25.75% |       60078     12.09%     37.84% |       65573     13.20%     51.04% |       57621     11.60%     62.64% |       63416     12.77%     75.40% |       65051     13.09%     88.50% |       57144     11.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       496786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       78259     15.80%     15.80% |       60882     12.29%     28.10% |       61544     12.43%     40.53% |       59866     12.09%     52.62% |       57943     11.70%     64.32% |       58184     11.75%     76.07% |       56743     11.46%     87.53% |       61761     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       495182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       68905     12.72%     12.72% |       66609     12.29%     25.01% |       68290     12.60%     37.62% |       66009     12.18%     49.80% |       65382     12.07%     61.87% |       68587     12.66%     74.53% |       72028     13.29%     87.82% |       65988     12.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       541798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      146982     14.18%     14.18% |      127487     12.30%     26.48% |      129753     12.52%     38.99% |      125845     12.14%     51.13% |      123320     11.90%     63.03% |      126767     12.23%     75.26% |      128764     12.42%     87.68% |      127744     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1036662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       26540     12.46%     12.46% |       26801     12.58%     25.04% |       26575     12.48%     37.52% |       26847     12.60%     50.12% |       26597     12.49%     62.61% |       26712     12.54%     75.15% |       26401     12.39%     87.54% |       26534     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       213007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        2547     13.10%     13.10% |        2471     12.71%     25.80% |        2440     12.55%     38.35% |        2343     12.05%     50.40% |        2399     12.34%     62.73% |        2388     12.28%     75.01% |        2425     12.47%     87.48% |        2435     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        19448                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       30776     12.57%     12.57% |       30626     12.51%     25.08% |       30587     12.49%     37.57% |       30583     12.49%     50.06% |       30550     12.48%     62.54% |       30565     12.48%     75.03% |       30581     12.49%     87.52% |       30560     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       244828                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       29421     12.58%     12.58% |       29426     12.58%     25.17% |       29162     12.47%     37.64% |       29338     12.55%     50.18% |       29144     12.46%     62.65% |       29248     12.51%     75.16% |       28975     12.39%     87.55% |       29119     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       233833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         810     12.87%     12.87% |         822     13.06%     25.94% |         775     12.32%     38.25% |         733     11.65%     49.90% |         760     12.08%     61.98% |         784     12.46%     74.44% |         791     12.57%     87.02% |         817     12.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6292                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      147164     14.19%     14.19% |      127489     12.30%     26.49% |      129755     12.51%     39.00% |      125847     12.14%     51.14% |      123324     11.89%     63.03% |      126768     12.23%     75.26% |      128765     12.42%     87.68% |      127748     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1036860                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         668     24.24%     24.24% |         308     11.18%     35.41% |         294     10.67%     46.08% |         296     10.74%     56.82% |         296     10.74%     67.56% |         296     10.74%     78.30% |         298     10.81%     89.11% |         300     10.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         2756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         383     12.33%     12.33% |         395     12.72%     25.05% |         397     12.78%     37.83% |         379     12.20%     50.03% |         370     11.91%     61.94% |         381     12.27%     74.21% |         399     12.85%     87.06% |         402     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         3106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        3656     12.83%     12.83% |        3557     12.48%     25.31% |        3535     12.41%     37.72% |        3604     12.65%     50.37% |        3520     12.35%     62.72% |        3589     12.60%     75.32% |        3571     12.53%     87.85% |        3462     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        28494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       26737     12.54%     12.54% |       26674     12.51%     25.05% |       26655     12.50%     37.55% |       26600     12.47%     50.02% |       26660     12.50%     62.53% |       26595     12.47%     75.00% |       26611     12.48%     87.48% |       26696     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       213228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       63799     12.92%     12.92% |       63324     12.83%     25.75% |       59678     12.09%     37.84% |       65194     13.21%     51.05% |       57250     11.60%     62.64% |       63032     12.77%     75.41% |       64650     13.10%     88.51% |       56742     11.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       493669                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.67%      1.67% |          79     65.83%     67.50% |          28     23.33%     90.83% |           1      0.83%     91.67% |           3      2.50%     94.17% |           6      5.00%     99.17% |           1      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         808     12.87%     12.87% |         821     13.08%     25.96% |         774     12.33%     38.29% |         731     11.65%     49.94% |         756     12.05%     61.98% |         783     12.48%     74.46% |         790     12.59%     87.05% |         813     12.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           3     27.27%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       74603     15.99%     15.99% |       57323     12.29%     28.28% |       57930     12.42%     40.69% |       56234     12.05%     52.74% |       54422     11.66%     64.41% |       54592     11.70%     76.11% |       53166     11.40%     87.50% |       58298     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       466568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       42168     12.83%     12.83% |       39935     12.15%     24.99% |       41635     12.67%     37.66% |       39409     11.99%     49.65% |       38722     11.79%     61.44% |       41992     12.78%     74.22% |       45417     13.82%     88.04% |       39292     11.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       328570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       26540     12.46%     12.46% |       26801     12.58%     25.04% |       26575     12.48%     37.52% |       26847     12.60%     50.12% |       26597     12.49%     62.61% |       26712     12.54%     75.15% |       26401     12.39%     87.54% |       26534     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       213007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1739     13.20%     13.20% |        1650     12.53%     25.73% |        1666     12.65%     38.38% |        1612     12.24%     50.61% |        1643     12.47%     63.09% |        1605     12.18%     75.27% |        1635     12.41%     87.69% |        1622     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13172                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         152     12.86%     12.86% |         153     12.94%     25.80% |         146     12.35%     38.16% |         146     12.35%     50.51% |         144     12.18%     62.69% |         147     12.44%     75.13% |         148     12.52%     87.65% |         146     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      146982     14.18%     14.18% |      127487     12.30%     26.48% |      129753     12.52%     38.99% |      125845     12.14%     51.13% |      123320     11.90%     63.03% |      126767     12.23%     75.26% |      128764     12.42%     87.68% |      127744     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1036662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         182     92.86%     92.86% |           1      0.51%     93.37% |           1      0.51%     93.88% |           2      1.02%     94.90% |           4      2.04%     96.94% |           1      0.51%     97.45% |           1      0.51%     97.96% |           4      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       29421     12.58%     12.58% |       29426     12.58%     25.17% |       29162     12.47%     37.64% |       29338     12.55%     50.18% |       29144     12.46%     62.65% |       29248     12.51%     75.16% |       28975     12.39%     87.55% |       29119     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       233833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         152     12.86%     12.86% |         153     12.94%     25.80% |         146     12.35%     38.16% |         146     12.35%     50.51% |         144     12.18%     62.69% |         147     12.44%     75.13% |         148     12.52%     87.65% |         146     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           2     12.50%     37.50% |           4     25.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           4     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         182     92.86%     92.86% |           1      0.51%     93.37% |           1      0.51%     93.88% |           2      1.02%     94.90% |           4      2.04%     96.94% |           1      0.51%     97.45% |           1      0.51%     97.96% |           4      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         808     12.87%     12.87% |         821     13.08%     25.96% |         774     12.33%     38.29% |         731     11.65%     49.94% |         756     12.05%     61.98% |         783     12.48%     74.46% |         790     12.59%     87.05% |         813     12.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         6276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        3656     12.83%     12.83% |        3557     12.48%     25.31% |        3535     12.41%     37.72% |        3604     12.65%     50.37% |        3520     12.35%     62.72% |        3589     12.60%     75.32% |        3571     12.53%     87.85% |        3462     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        28494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         383     12.33%     12.33% |         395     12.72%     25.05% |         397     12.78%     37.83% |         379     12.20%     50.03% |         370     11.91%     61.94% |         381     12.27%     74.21% |         399     12.85%     87.06% |         402     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         3106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       26737     12.54%     12.54% |       26674     12.51%     25.05% |       26655     12.50%     37.55% |       26600     12.47%     50.02% |       26660     12.50%     62.53% |       26595     12.47%     75.00% |       26611     12.48%     87.48% |       26696     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       213228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      147164     14.19%     14.19% |      127489     12.30%     26.49% |      129755     12.51%     39.00% |      125847     12.14%     51.14% |      123324     11.89%     63.03% |      126768     12.23%     75.26% |      128765     12.42%     87.68% |      127748     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1036860                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
