
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.618865                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                618865347000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5838996204000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 717122                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1284941                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              962687314                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1783464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   642.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   461003226                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     826026505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       369536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            369536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       496704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         496704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       597119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               597119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       802604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              802604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1399723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1399723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       5774                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7761                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     5774                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7761                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                351104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  18432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 492928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 369536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              496704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   66                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 618518635500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 5774                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7761                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   5485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   238.561899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.363411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.925317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1293     36.55%     36.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          954     26.96%     63.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          562     15.88%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          341      9.64%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          114      3.22%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      1.19%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      0.93%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      1.02%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          163      4.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.737265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.967970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             79     21.18%     21.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             22      5.90%     27.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            13      3.49%     30.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           14      3.75%     34.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          172     46.11%     80.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           35      9.38%     89.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           18      4.83%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            4      1.07%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      1.61%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      1.07%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.27%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.27%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.27%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.54%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.648794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.159749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.208971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          266     71.31%     71.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           22      5.90%     77.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      1.07%     78.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      1.61%     79.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            5      1.34%     81.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            3      0.80%     82.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           15      4.02%     86.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      1.88%     87.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            6      1.61%     89.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.54%     90.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            5      1.34%     91.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      1.61%     93.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            5      1.34%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      1.07%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.27%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            9      2.41%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.54%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.54%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.27%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.27%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   503517500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              606380000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  27430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    91782.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              110532.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     28.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3613                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   6037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                65.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               78.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  45697719.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                53949840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                28675020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              141871800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              39718980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        5975530080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          1740184920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           350208000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14858425410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     8384910720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1388424763155                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1420000473975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           243.192567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        617350252500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    157514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    489878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 608685904750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4422009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    517054000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5502570500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                45788820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                24337335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              138059040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              42083640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        5091677760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          1692149310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           280182240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    13097156760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6799113120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390189391985                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1417401192000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           242.747408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        613223466500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    131501750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    457076000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612048952500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4102632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    691653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4768597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       359424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            359424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       497088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         497088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         5616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               5616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       580779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               580779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       803225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              803225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1384004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1384004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       5616                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      7767                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     5616                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    7767                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                346560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  12864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 497920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 359424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              497088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       24                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 620931145000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 5616                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                7767                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   5415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.139925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.153427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.055136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1251     36.17%     36.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          927     26.80%     62.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          500     14.46%     77.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          363     10.49%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          132      3.82%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      1.59%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.93%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.98%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          165      4.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.734417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.153706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             69     18.70%     18.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             21      5.69%     24.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      4.07%     28.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           12      3.25%     31.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          181     49.05%     80.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           37     10.03%     90.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           15      4.07%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            6      1.63%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      1.36%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.54%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.27%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.54%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.27%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.084011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.335083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.290193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          265     71.82%     71.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           22      5.96%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.81%     78.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      1.08%     79.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            2      0.54%     80.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.08%     81.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           11      2.98%     84.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      1.36%     85.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.17%     87.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            5      1.36%     89.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      1.90%     91.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      1.63%     92.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            2      0.54%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.54%     93.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.27%     94.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.54%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      1.90%     96.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.54%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.27%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.81%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.54%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.27%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.27%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.27%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.27%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   477487999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              579019249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  27075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    88178.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              106928.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     23.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    3607                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   6129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                66.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               78.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  46397007.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                51593640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                27422670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              141193500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              39661560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        5730288720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          1740428310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           347937600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14354258700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7923165120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1388919246900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1419276078780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           243.068505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        619968994250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    157143750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    464278000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 611937244500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4139205000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    555753250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5154598250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                46095840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                24500520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              138358920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              42193260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        5108887680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          1718282100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           279669120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    13105180650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6807616320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390175633835                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1417447204905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           242.755288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        616823136500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    135491500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    460286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612032869750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4165714250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    666973500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4729426500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       357696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            357696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       487360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         487360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         5589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               5589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         7615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              7615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       577987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               577987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       787506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              787506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1365493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1365493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       5589                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      7615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     5589                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    7615                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                345216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  12480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 487552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 357696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              487360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       16                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 619888786000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 5589                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                7615                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   5394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         3294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.813600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.028895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   250.493676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1164     35.34%     35.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          835     25.35%     60.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          484     14.69%     75.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          380     11.54%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          148      4.49%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      1.67%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.79%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      1.06%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167      5.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         3294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.075419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.001778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             67     18.72%     18.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             20      5.59%     24.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      4.19%     28.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           13      3.63%     32.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          166     46.37%     78.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           39     10.89%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           17      4.75%     94.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      2.23%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            3      0.84%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.28%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.84%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.28%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.56%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.279330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.451580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.936816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          258     72.07%     72.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.75%     76.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.56%     77.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.84%     78.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            2      0.56%     78.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.12%     79.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.35%     83.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            8      2.23%     85.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            6      1.68%     87.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      1.96%     89.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            8      2.23%     91.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.28%     91.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      1.68%     93.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.84%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.84%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.56%     95.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            6      1.68%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.56%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.56%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.28%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.28%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.28%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.28%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   461118750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              562256250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  26970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    85487.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              104237.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    3652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   6066                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                67.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               79.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  46947045.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                50265600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                26716800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              139465620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              38544480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        5670668640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          1694446980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           340652640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14095629180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7846682400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1389141892725                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1419046030965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           243.029107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        618438587750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    167309750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    451968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 610624597750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4016932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    519064500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5058504000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                44932020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                23881935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              137487840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              41859180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        5009930640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          1687520340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           275533920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12857587470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6659762880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390398294765                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1417137208440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           242.702197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        619982093250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    123415250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    430406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612613571250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3848649250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    702836500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4469462750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       355968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            355968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       491072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         491072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         5562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               5562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         7673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       575195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               575195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       793504                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              793504                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1368698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1368698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       5562                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      7673                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     5562                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    7673                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                344128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  11840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 490880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 355968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              491072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   185                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       10                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 617590276500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 5562                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                7673                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   5377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         3295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.436115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.247201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   252.046490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1159     35.17%     35.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          868     26.34%     61.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          459     13.93%     75.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          364     11.05%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          169      5.13%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      1.15%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.97%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.94%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          175      5.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         3295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.804408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.485337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             68     18.73%     18.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             20      5.51%     24.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      4.13%     28.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           19      5.23%     33.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          174     47.93%     81.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           31      8.54%     90.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           14      3.86%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      2.20%     96.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            8      2.20%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.28%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.28%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.28%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.28%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.129477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.466067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    10.819069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          254     69.97%     69.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      6.34%     76.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.55%     76.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.83%     77.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            4      1.10%     78.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      1.65%     80.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           14      3.86%     84.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      1.10%     85.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            7      1.93%     87.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           10      2.75%     90.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      1.93%     92.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.28%     92.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.10%     93.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.55%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.83%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.28%     95.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            8      2.20%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.83%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.55%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.28%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.28%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.28%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   465206250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              566025000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  26885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    86517.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              105267.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     27.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    3646                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   6107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                67.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               79.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  46663413.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                49308840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                26208270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              140565180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              39040380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        5596297200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          1715033100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           331212000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13950781920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7699595040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1389285038250                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1418833690320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           242.992741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        616477602750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    156841250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    446472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 608772925000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3885354250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    524906500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5080168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                44367960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                23582130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              137994780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              41812200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        4999481760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          1665323400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           275544000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12898948380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6591969120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390430894520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1417111298940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           242.697760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        613445393750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    130816000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    433556000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612793656500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3878777000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    667920500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4513633750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4       354496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            354496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4       482304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         482304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4         5539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               5539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4         7536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total              7536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4       572816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total               572816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4       779336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total              779336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1352152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             1352152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                       5539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                      7536                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                     5539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                    7536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                342720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  11776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                 482112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                 354496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys              482304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0              351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7              293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9              198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11             418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13             410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14             386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15             379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0              493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1              537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2              482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4              235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6              307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7              410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8              634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9              655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11             621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13             437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14             421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15             450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       27                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 622422876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                 5539                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                7536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                   5355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                   366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                   434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                   467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                   387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                   369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples         3200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.740000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.780755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   255.966574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1126     35.19%     35.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255          839     26.22%     61.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383          390     12.19%     73.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511          381     11.91%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          177      5.53%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.62%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.81%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      1.34%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          166      5.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total         3200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples          349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.335244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.145302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             70     20.06%     20.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             11      3.15%     23.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            10      2.87%     26.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           16      4.58%     30.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          166     47.56%     78.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           38     10.89%     89.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           16      4.58%     93.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           10      2.87%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      1.15%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.29%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.29%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.29%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.29%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.57%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total          349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples          349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.584527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.584268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.683680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          249     71.35%     71.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      4.87%     76.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      1.15%     77.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.86%     78.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.86%     79.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            5      1.43%     80.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.44%     83.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      1.43%     85.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            6      1.72%     87.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            3      0.86%     87.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           11      3.15%     91.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.29%     91.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.15%     92.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.57%     93.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.57%     93.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            9      2.58%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.57%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.86%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.29%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.57%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.29%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.29%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.29%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total          349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   462759750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              563166000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  26775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    86416.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              105166.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     26.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                    3674                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                   6013                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                68.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               79.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  47604044.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   75.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                48716220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                25889490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              139458480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy              38340900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        5629487760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          1688882070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           343290720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13918031430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7758967680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1389299256795                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1418891454135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           243.002633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        621314983750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    162443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF    447070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 612413456750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4017934500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    489573750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4883660500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                44496480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                23650440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              137602080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy              41718240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        4980427920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          1674185190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           275734560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12822279960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6561994080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390483976220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1417047184620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           242.686780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        613450148250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    124403500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF    430684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612877169250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3938980500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    676689750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4368296750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5       354624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            354624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5       486208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         486208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5         5541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               5541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5         7597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total              7597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5       573023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total               573023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5       785644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total              785644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1358667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             1358667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                       5541                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                      7597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                     5541                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                    7597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                343424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  11200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                 486272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                 354624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys              486208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   175                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5              294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7              296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9              204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10             293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11             415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13             414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14             389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15             378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0              496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1              542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2              486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7              409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8              629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9              658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10             645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11             610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13             426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       23                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 618613099000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                 5541                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                7597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                   5366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                   413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                   426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                   432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                   460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                   415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         3302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.270745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.226042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   251.821629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1223     37.04%     37.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255          825     24.98%     62.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383          414     12.54%     74.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511          372     11.27%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          200      6.06%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.09%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.82%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      1.18%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          166      5.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         3302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples          354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.163842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.397551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             71     20.06%     20.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             12      3.39%     23.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      4.24%     27.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           10      2.82%     30.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          165     46.61%     77.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           44     12.43%     89.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           17      4.80%     94.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      2.26%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      1.41%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.28%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.28%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.28%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.28%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total          354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples          354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.463277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.487376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.753272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          254     71.75%     71.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           19      5.37%     77.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            1      0.28%     77.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.85%     78.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            4      1.13%     79.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      1.13%     80.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           15      4.24%     84.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      1.41%     86.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            7      1.98%     88.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      1.13%     89.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      1.98%     91.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.28%     91.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      1.69%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.56%     93.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.56%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            8      2.26%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.56%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.28%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.28%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.28%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.28%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.28%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.28%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.56%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total          354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   459967000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              560579500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  26830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    85718.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              104468.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                    3663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                   5999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                68.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               78.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  47085789.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   74.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                50494080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                26838240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              140372400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy              39003840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        5702015280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          1697949630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           336235680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14210856390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7875240960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1389070041660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1419150738960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           243.047039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        617524184250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    156875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF    449440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 609828228000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4043697000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    476124250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4915525750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                44410800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                23604900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              137452140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy              41363280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        4984115760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          1647191700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           271738560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12797972310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6674771040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390433396805                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1417056764775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           242.688420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        619946311750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    130784500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF    438622000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612816464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4142067000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    634802250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4252360250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6       355264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            355264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6       476288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         476288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6         5551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total               5551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6         7442                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total              7442                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6       574057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total               574057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6       769615                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total              769615                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1343672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             1343672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                       5551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                      7442                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                     5551                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                    7442                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                345600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                   9664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                 475968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                 355264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys              476288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3              405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4              391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5              294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10             289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11             414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13             412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14             388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15             379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0              490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1              548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2              484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4              231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7              422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8              630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9              646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10             634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12             527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13             405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15             437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       14                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 617593987500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                 5551                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                7442                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                   5400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                   426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                   433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                   461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                   383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                   373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                   360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                   357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         3180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   258.374843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.582001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   255.601127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1186     37.30%     37.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255          737     23.18%     60.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383          385     12.11%     72.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511          371     11.67%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          226      7.11%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      1.48%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      1.04%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      1.04%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      5.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         3180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.553314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.562067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             72     20.75%     20.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              9      2.59%     23.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            20      5.76%     29.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           10      2.88%     31.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          149     42.94%     74.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           41     11.82%     86.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           23      6.63%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      2.31%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            2      0.58%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      1.44%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.58%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.29%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.29%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.58%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.58%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.432277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.515640                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.002307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          250     72.05%     72.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           18      5.19%     77.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.58%     77.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.86%     78.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.86%     79.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            3      0.86%     80.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           12      3.46%     83.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            3      0.86%     84.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            8      2.31%     87.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      1.73%     88.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      2.02%     90.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.29%     91.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      1.15%     92.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.58%     92.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      1.15%     93.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            7      2.02%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.86%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.29%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.86%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.29%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.29%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.29%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.29%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.29%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.29%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   457346250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              558596250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  27000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    84693.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              103443.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     27.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                    3719                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                   5939                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                68.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               79.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  47532824.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   75.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                49108920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                26102010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              139087200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy              38241720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        5657146560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          1707153990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           341198880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13946949240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7836086880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1389231452085                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1418973947205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           243.016761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        616443361750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    162110000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF    455758000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 608710058000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4090154750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    542172750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4905808000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                43661100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                23206425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              136852380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy              40950900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        4919578560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          1640733030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           269281920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12647857110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6525566880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390604633685                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1416853293930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           242.653573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        613228884500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    122597750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF    421548000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612888413750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3872970250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    683147000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4209774250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7       355200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            355200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7       483136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         483136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7         5550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               5550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7         7549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total              7549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7       573954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total               573954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7       780680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total              780680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1354634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             1354634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                       5550                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                      7549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                     5550                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                    7549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                344320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  10880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                 483008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                 355200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys              483136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   170                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3              404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5              289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7              304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10             290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11             414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12             396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13             402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14             390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15             388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0              486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1              545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3              370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4              237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5              341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7              416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8              624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9              653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10             644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11             612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12             530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13             410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14             404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15             447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       16                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 617593458500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                 5550                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                7549                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                   5380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                   450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                   431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                   444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                   441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                   465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                   383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                   379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         3243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.131668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.836350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   251.748542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1148     35.40%     35.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255          834     25.72%     61.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383          419     12.92%     74.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511          354     10.92%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          222      6.85%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      1.26%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.96%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.96%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          163      5.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         3243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples          357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.067227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.609830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             73     20.45%     20.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             17      4.76%     25.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            15      4.20%     29.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            9      2.52%     31.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          166     46.50%     78.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           36     10.08%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           16      4.48%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           10      2.80%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      1.96%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.84%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.28%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.28%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total          357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples          357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     21.140056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.297306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    12.148311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          261     73.11%     73.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           16      4.48%     77.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.56%     78.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.84%     78.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            3      0.84%     79.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      1.68%     81.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           15      4.20%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      1.12%     86.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            9      2.52%     89.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      1.12%     90.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      1.96%     92.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.28%     92.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            3      0.84%     93.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.56%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.28%     94.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            8      2.24%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.56%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.28%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.28%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.28%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.56%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.28%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.28%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.28%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.28%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total          357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   455776249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              556651249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  26900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    84716.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              103466.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     23.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                    3732                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                   5953                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               78.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  47148137.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                49201740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                26151345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              139915440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy              38784600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        5601828960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          1683580500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           342180480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    13713391170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy     7810458720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1389376783005                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1418783614080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           242.984164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        616485779250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    159967000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF    445310000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 608941127750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4142904750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    515417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4660707250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                43304100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                23016675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              137202240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy              41159700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        4926339600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          1613085750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           273064800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    12480632220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy     6607463520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1390675679475                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1416821869140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           242.648191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        612827341250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    127860500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF    427642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 612851996500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4055571750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    594764250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4138277500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   77607778                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   40261777                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        23589                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         5521                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  453202352                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17103                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 52                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           26                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1031719616.576923                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   933386281.745395                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           26    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1132501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2151923500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             26                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   596574856968                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  26824710031                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1237730694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  318598754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    553343061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            417182248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             181004934                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   10759740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     29618272                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   417182248                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    181004934                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          835401981                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         302607608                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           294588546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          162450780                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           222953991                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          130362552                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    117559456                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   77300365                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  40259091                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              53649420.061913                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1184081273.938087                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.956655                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.043345                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         44186845                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1331399      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                328057736     59.29%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  160235      0.03%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   575902      0.10%     59.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              105666477     19.10%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                45743579      8.27%     87.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               26743859      4.83%     91.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead           31556731      5.70%     97.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite          13515232      2.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 553351150                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6316                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6316                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                6969                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               6969                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1033                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1033                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         9870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        26570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   28636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         4132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        19740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        32059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    36191                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              5196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7761487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             4816021                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1548145                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            20195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1680384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          473                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5905166                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.595418                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.099718                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     5465656     92.56%     92.56% |           6      0.00%     92.56% |           2      0.00%     92.56% |           1      0.00%     92.56% |      439497      7.44%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5905166                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    571198732                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000514                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000356                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.022656                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   570905400     99.95%     99.95% |      293332      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    571198732                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      571198732                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.069291                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.008466                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.110101                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   571190821    100.00%    100.00% |        1299      0.00%    100.00% |        1138      0.00%    100.00% |         237      0.00%    100.00% |        4944      0.00%    100.00% |         252      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        571198732                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    569567424                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   569567424    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    569567424                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1631308                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.262163                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.143447                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.993509                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1623397     99.52%     99.52% |        1299      0.08%     99.59% |        1138      0.07%     99.66% |         237      0.01%     99.68% |        4944      0.30%     99.98% |         252      0.02%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1631308                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5629.028127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.012448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.121275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5672.607322                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.082224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5427.156112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5670.906536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.206380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5633.190670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.615002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5065.067651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.003733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.061643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5016.190700                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.003729                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5543.415485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.003704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.158154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000028                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    117160015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       853468                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    118013483                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    452407409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       777840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    453185249                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.461628                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.000436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            4                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3991.908798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000243                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4527.218948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       175941                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         5734                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       181675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   994.762595                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.010762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4519.081329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       160092                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         5616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       165708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000357                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   994.585559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4289.647121                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       157213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         5589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       162802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   994.520543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.003992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4330.610977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       257313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         5562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       262875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   994.942985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4430.767863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       253379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         5539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       258918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000505                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   995.131401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4679.529215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       264321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         5541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       269862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000524                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   995.286042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4326.517780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       162492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         5551                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       168043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   994.502706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4421.487571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       155875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         5550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       161425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   995.244396                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.002007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3491.908798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.003428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2001.110273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.452252                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1631308                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2          395                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1631308                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1       853440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2       853334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       439497                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       413683                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     13050464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    117454176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6827520                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6826672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     31643784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3309464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000243                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4027.218948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.010762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3102.918472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000247                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1494.763313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.055751                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       187409                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       192007                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       124159                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       119217                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        60107                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        58973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      1499272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         1344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13824504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       993272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       953736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4327704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       471784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4019.081329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3142.896854                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1494.585762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.050742                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       171324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       175928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       111846                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       106923                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52946                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1370592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12666816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       894768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       855384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3886272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       423568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3789.647123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.003992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2906.402569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1494.521534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.050291                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       168391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       172836                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       111949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       107193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54950                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1347128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12444192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       895592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       857544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3956400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       417920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3830.610977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.004029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3153.961444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000301                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1494.943634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.070408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       268437                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       272940                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       110271                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105441                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50470                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2147496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19651680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       882168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       843528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3957696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       403760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3930.767861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.004075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3120.927743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1495.134175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.069205                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       264457                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       268823                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       108405                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53326                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2115656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19355256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       867240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       829568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3839472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       402944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4179.529215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.004035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2458.363206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1495.286248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.071946                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       275403                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       279830                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       109785                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105027                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        56029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48995                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2203224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20147760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       878280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       840216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4034088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       391960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3826.517781                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.004079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2505.472127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1494.502750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.050411                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       173594                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       177867                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       105350                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       100757                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        51816                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48938                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1388752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12806424                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       842800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       806056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3730752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       391504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3921.487571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.004093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3023.362407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1495.245456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.049764                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       166975                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       171356                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       109798                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54325                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50753                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1335800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12337632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       878384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       840640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3911400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5129.028125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.121275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.012463                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.002264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10507                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5046                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3457                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0        45872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       756504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        40368                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5172.607324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.082224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.004307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.002203                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10220                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4893                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0        44928                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       735840                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39144                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4927.156111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.002165                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0         5589                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10034                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4731                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0        44712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       722448                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37848                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5170.906536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.206380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.002172                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0         5562                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10065                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4799                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       724680                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38392                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5133.190670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.615002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.002139                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0         5539                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9905                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4676                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0        44312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       713160                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37408                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4565.067653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.061643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.003748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.002152                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0         5541                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9968                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4727                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0        44328                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       717696                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37816                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4516.190701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.003756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.002123                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0         5551                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9824                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4566                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0        44408                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       707328                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36528                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5043.415485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.158154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.003735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.002145                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9931                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4685                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0        44400                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       715032                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000028                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.001096                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211448                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.002007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2501.110273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3602.918473                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000247                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1994.763313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3642.896852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1994.585762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3406.402571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1994.521534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3653.961444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000301                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1994.943634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3620.927743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1995.134175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2958.363205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1995.286248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3005.472125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1994.502750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3523.362407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1995.245456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.012463                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.004307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.003727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.003748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.003756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.003735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.002007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2991.908798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000243                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3527.218948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.010762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3519.081329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3289.647124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.003992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3330.610977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.004029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3430.767860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.004075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3679.529215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.004035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3326.517783                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.004079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3421.487571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.004093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4629.028124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.121275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4672.607326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.082224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4427.156109                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4670.906536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.206380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4633.190670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.615002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4065.067654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.061643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4016.190703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4543.415485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.158154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000028                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.002007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2491.908798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000243                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3027.218948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.010762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3019.081329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.004665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2789.647126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.003992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2830.610977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.004029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  2930.767858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.004075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3179.529215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.004035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2826.517784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.004079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2921.487571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.004093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4129.028122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.121275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4172.607327                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.082224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  3927.156108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4170.906536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.206380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4133.190670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.615002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  3565.067656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.061643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3516.190705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.061627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4043.415485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.158154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000028                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.036124                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1675990                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2          395                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1711762                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1       891563                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2       853334                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       439497                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       440114                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     13407920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    123246864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7132504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6826672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     31643784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3520912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5027970                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control         1185                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5135286                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      5234691                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1318896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1399110                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         40223760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control         9480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    369740592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     41877528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     94960512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     11192880                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5838996204000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.627574                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          395                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1631308                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       853180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    117454176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6825440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.276929                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1631308                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       853334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       439497                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       413683                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     13050464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6826672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     31643784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3309464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038725                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       181675                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4982                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       119217                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        60107                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        58973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1453400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       412848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       953736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4327704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       471784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.072776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       186273                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       119177                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        45872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         1344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13411656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       953416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.035013                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       165708                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4839                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       106923                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52946                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1325664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       404352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       855384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3886272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       423568                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.066471                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       170312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       107007                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12262464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       856056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.035216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       162802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       107193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54950                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1302416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       402408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       857544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3956400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       417920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.065366                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       167247                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       107277                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12041784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       858216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.039116                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       262875                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4741                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105441                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50470                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2103000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       843528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3957696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       403760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.101699                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       267378                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       105530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19251216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       844240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038271                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       258918                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5539                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4612                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53326                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2071344                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       829568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3839472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       402944                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.100140                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5539                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       263284                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       103793                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44312                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18956448                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       830344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.039697                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       269862                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5541                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4667                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105027                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        56029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48995                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2158896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       840216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4034088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       391960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.104194                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5541                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       274289                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       105118                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19748808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       840944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033874                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       168043                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5551                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4506                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       100757                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        51816                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48938                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1344344                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       806056                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3730752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       391504                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.066948                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5551                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       172316                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       100844                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44408                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12406752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       806752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034772                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       161425                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4625                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54325                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50753                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1291400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       840640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3911400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.064756                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       165806                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       105173                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        44400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11938032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       841384                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002047                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4598                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3457                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        45872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       331056                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002481                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5909                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4949                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       425448                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002037                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4604                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44928                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       331488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002369                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4808                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       404352                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38464                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001978                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5589                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4445                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       320040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002352                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5589                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4644                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       402408                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001998                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5562                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4503                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002345                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5562                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4707                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400464                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37656                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001948                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5539                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4366                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       314352                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002331                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5539                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4577                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36616                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001970                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5541                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4427                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44328                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       318744                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002334                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5541                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4633                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398952                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37064                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001914                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5551                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4273                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44408                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       307656                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002332                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5551                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4476                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399672                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        35808                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001953                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4381                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44400                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       315432                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002336                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4590                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399600                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36720                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001124                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001068                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       211448                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     0.627574                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          395                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1631308                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       853180                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    117454176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6825440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.038725                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       181675                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4982                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       119217                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        60107                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        58973                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      1453400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       412848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       953736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4327704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       471784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.035013                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       165708                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4839                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       106923                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52946                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1325664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       404352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        38712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       855384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3886272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       423568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.035216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       162802                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5589                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       107193                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54950                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1302416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       402408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       857544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3956400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       417920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.039116                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       262875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5562                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4741                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105441                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50470                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2103000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       400464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       843528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3957696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       403760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.038271                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       258918                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5539                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4612                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        53326                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50368                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2071344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       829568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3839472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       402944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.039697                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       269862                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4667                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105027                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        56029                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48995                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2158896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       840216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4034088                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       391960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.033874                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       168043                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5551                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4506                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       100757                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        51816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48938                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1344344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       806056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3730752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       391504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.034772                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       161425                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4625                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        54325                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50753                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1291400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       399600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       840640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3911400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.002047                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4598                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3457                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0        45872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       331056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.002037                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4604                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0        44928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       331488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.001978                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0         5589                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4445                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0        44712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       320040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.001998                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0         5562                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.001948                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0         5539                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4366                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0        44312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       314352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.001970                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0         5541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4427                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0        44328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       318744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.001914                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0         5551                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4273                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0        44408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       307656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.001953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0         5550                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4381                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0        44400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       315432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.001124                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       210048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3337822                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.053380                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.705076                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2898320     86.83%     86.83% |           5      0.00%     86.83% |           0      0.00%     86.83% |           0      0.00%     86.83% |      439493     13.17%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3337822                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2566949                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000019                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.011304                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2566941    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2566949                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples           395                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total             395                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     76392738                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.151564                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.020448                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.115805                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    76391175    100.00%    100.00% |         290      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |        1049      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      76392738                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75872643                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75872643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     75872643                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       520095                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.262027                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.553166                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.895652                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      518532     99.70%     99.70% |         290      0.06%     99.76% |         161      0.03%     99.79% |          14      0.00%     99.79% |        1049      0.20%     99.99% |          46      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       520095                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     40246765                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.334062                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.025453                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     11.620814                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    40241837     99.99%     99.99% |         955      0.00%     99.99% |         939      0.00%     99.99% |         221      0.00%     99.99% |        2633      0.01%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      40246765                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39928523                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39928523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39928523                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       318242                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.247516                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.013591                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   123.724233                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      313314     98.45%     98.45% |         955      0.30%     98.75% |         939      0.30%     99.05% |         221      0.07%     99.12% |        2633      0.83%     99.94% |         148      0.05%     99.99% |          31      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       318242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    453185249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.031486                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.196602                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   453183843    100.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |        1250      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    453185249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    452407409                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   452407409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    452407409                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       777840                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.344444                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.208503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.751782                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      776434     99.82%     99.82% |          54      0.01%     99.83% |          37      0.00%     99.83% |           2      0.00%     99.83% |        1250      0.16%     99.99% |          57      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       777840                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1368386                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.207917                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.032708                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.201489                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1368372    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1368386                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1353379                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1353379    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1353379                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.958553                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.815585                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.414815                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       14993     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.01%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |          12      0.08%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        15007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2797                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.787987                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.138556                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.683047                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2673     95.57%     95.57% |           0      0.00%     95.57% |           0      0.00%     95.57% |           0      0.00%     95.57% |          69      2.47%     98.03% |          55      1.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2797                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2673                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2673    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2673                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          124                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.774194                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.670396                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.995274                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     55.65%     55.65% |          55     44.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          124                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2797                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2797    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2797                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2797                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2797    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2797                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        5734     12.83%     12.83% |        5616     12.57%     25.40% |        5589     12.51%     37.91% |        5562     12.45%     50.36% |        5539     12.40%     62.75% |        5541     12.40%     75.16% |        5551     12.42%     87.58% |        5550     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        44682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        4598     12.92%     12.92% |        4604     12.93%     25.85% |        4445     12.49%     38.34% |        4503     12.65%     50.99% |        4366     12.27%     63.25% |        4427     12.44%     75.69% |        4273     12.00%     87.69% |        4381     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        35597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        5774     12.91%     12.91% |        5616     12.56%     25.47% |        5589     12.50%     37.97% |        5562     12.44%     50.40% |        5539     12.39%     62.79% |        5541     12.39%     75.18% |        5551     12.41%     87.59% |        5550     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        44722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7761     12.74%     12.74% |        7767     12.75%     25.48% |        7615     12.50%     37.98% |        7673     12.59%     50.57% |        7536     12.37%     62.93% |        7597     12.47%     75.40% |        7442     12.21%     87.61% |        7549     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        60940                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          175                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        3282     12.50%     12.50% |        3282     12.50%     25.00% |        3282     12.50%     37.50% |        3282     12.50%     50.00% |        3282     12.50%     62.50% |        3282     12.50%     75.00% |        3282     12.50%     87.50% |        3282     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        26256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |          97     13.13%     13.13% |          85     11.50%     24.63% |          87     11.77%     36.40% |          92     12.45%     48.85% |          99     13.40%     62.25% |          94     12.72%     74.97% |          90     12.18%     87.14% |          95     12.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        5734     12.83%     12.83% |        5616     12.57%     25.40% |        5589     12.51%     37.91% |        5562     12.45%     50.36% |        5539     12.40%     62.75% |        5541     12.40%     75.16% |        5551     12.42%     87.58% |        5550     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        44682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        3163     12.48%     12.48% |        3163     12.48%     24.96% |        3170     12.51%     37.47% |        3170     12.51%     49.98% |        3170     12.51%     62.49% |        3170     12.51%     75.00% |        3169     12.50%     87.50% |        3168     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        25343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        3163     12.48%     12.48% |        3163     12.48%     24.96% |        3170     12.51%     37.47% |        3170     12.51%     49.98% |        3170     12.51%     62.49% |        3170     12.51%     75.00% |        3169     12.50%     87.50% |        3168     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        25343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        4344     12.57%     12.57% |        4485     12.98%     25.56% |        4333     12.54%     38.10% |        4391     12.71%     50.81% |        4254     12.31%     63.12% |        4315     12.49%     75.61% |        4160     12.04%     87.65% |        4267     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        34549                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         119     13.03%     13.03% |         119     13.03%     26.07% |         112     12.27%     38.34% |         112     12.27%     50.60% |         112     12.27%     62.87% |         112     12.27%     75.14% |         113     12.38%     87.51% |         114     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |          97     13.13%     13.13% |          85     11.50%     24.63% |          87     11.77%     36.40% |          92     12.45%     48.85% |          99     13.40%     62.25% |          94     12.72%     74.97% |          90     12.18%     87.14% |          95     12.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        5734     12.83%     12.83% |        5616     12.57%     25.40% |        5589     12.51%     37.91% |        5562     12.45%     50.36% |        5539     12.40%     62.75% |        5541     12.40%     75.16% |        5551     12.42%     87.58% |        5550     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        44682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        4344     12.57%     12.57% |        4485     12.98%     25.56% |        4333     12.54%     38.10% |        4391     12.71%     50.81% |        4254     12.31%     63.12% |        4315     12.49%     75.61% |        4160     12.04%     87.65% |        4267     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        34549                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         119     13.03%     13.03% |         119     13.03%     26.07% |         112     12.27%     38.34% |         112     12.27%     50.60% |         112     12.27%     62.87% |         112     12.27%     75.14% |         113     12.38%     87.51% |         114     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         119     13.03%     13.03% |         119     13.03%     26.07% |         112     12.27%     38.34% |         112     12.27%     50.60% |         112     12.27%     62.87% |         112     12.27%     75.14% |         113     12.38%     87.51% |         114     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          913                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        26256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          175                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       26256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        26256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    76392738    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     76392738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   453185253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    453185253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    41620745    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41620745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1631288    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1631288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      519961    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       519961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1111347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1111347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      853180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       853180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      520093    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       520093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      777840    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       777840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      333354    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       333354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         619    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total          619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   452407409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    452407409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      777974    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       777974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    31629528    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     31629528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      106328    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       106328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      413683    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       413683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    44242496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     44242496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    41181044    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     41181044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      439497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       439497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      519961    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       519961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      777974    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       777974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      333373    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       333373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      853180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       853180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       62457      8.03%      8.03% |       58781      7.56%     15.59% |       55524      7.14%     22.72% |      157403     20.24%     42.96% |      155219     19.96%     62.92% |      164833     21.19%     84.11% |       67279      8.65%     92.76% |       56344      7.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       777840                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       76617     14.73%     14.73% |       65497     12.59%     27.32% |       65391     12.57%     39.90% |       63714     12.25%     52.15% |       62984     12.11%     64.26% |       61154     11.76%     76.02% |       59999     11.54%     87.55% |       64739     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       520095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42601     12.78%     12.78% |       41430     12.43%     25.21% |       41887     12.56%     37.77% |       41758     12.53%     50.30% |       40715     12.21%     62.51% |       43875     13.16%     75.67% |       40765     12.23%     87.90% |       40342     12.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       333373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      119080     13.96%     13.96% |      106922     12.53%     26.49% |      107190     12.56%     39.05% |      105438     12.36%     51.41% |      103694     12.15%     63.57% |      105024     12.31%     75.87% |      100754     11.81%     87.68% |      105078     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       853180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        4344     12.57%     12.57% |        4485     12.98%     25.56% |        4333     12.54%     38.10% |        4391     12.71%     50.81% |        4254     12.31%     63.12% |        4315     12.49%     75.61% |        4160     12.04%     87.65% |        4267     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        34549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          97     13.13%     13.13% |          85     11.50%     24.63% |          87     11.77%     36.40% |          92     12.45%     48.85% |          99     13.40%     62.25% |          94     12.72%     74.97% |          90     12.18%     87.14% |          95     12.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total          739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |        5734     12.83%     12.83% |        5616     12.57%     25.40% |        5589     12.51%     37.91% |        5562     12.45%     50.36% |        5539     12.40%     62.75% |        5541     12.40%     75.16% |        5551     12.42%     87.58% |        5550     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total        44682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        4695     12.92%     12.92% |        4689     12.90%     25.83% |        4532     12.47%     38.30% |        4595     12.65%     50.94% |        4465     12.29%     63.23% |        4521     12.44%     75.67% |        4363     12.01%     87.68% |        4476     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total        36336                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          33     12.69%     12.69% |          31     11.92%     24.62% |          28     10.77%     35.38% |          34     13.08%     48.46% |          35     13.46%     61.92% |          34     13.08%     75.00% |          30     11.54%     86.54% |          35     13.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      119217     13.97%     13.97% |      106923     12.53%     26.50% |      107193     12.56%     39.06% |      105441     12.36%     51.42% |      103696     12.15%     63.57% |      105027     12.31%     75.88% |      100757     11.81%     87.69% |      105080     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       853334                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         508     24.24%     24.24% |         238     11.35%     35.59% |         224     10.69%     46.28% |         224     10.69%     56.97% |         224     10.69%     67.65% |         224     10.69%     78.34% |         226     10.78%     89.12% |         228     10.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         2096                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         380     12.22%     12.22% |         404     12.99%     25.21% |         408     13.12%     38.33% |         381     12.25%     50.58% |         369     11.86%     62.44% |         372     11.96%     74.41% |         397     12.77%     87.17% |         399     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         3110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        1117     12.95%     12.95% |        1100     12.75%     25.70% |        1076     12.48%     38.18% |        1076     12.48%     50.66% |        1090     12.64%     63.29% |        1064     12.34%     75.63% |        1049     12.16%     87.79% |        1053     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total         8625                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4237     12.86%     12.86% |        4112     12.48%     25.34% |        4105     12.46%     37.80% |        4105     12.46%     50.26% |        4080     12.38%     62.64% |        4105     12.46%     75.10% |        4105     12.46%     87.56% |        4098     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        32947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       62076      8.01%      8.01% |       58377      7.54%     15.55% |       55113      7.11%     22.66% |      157022     20.27%     42.93% |      154849     19.99%     62.92% |      164459     21.23%     84.15% |       66880      8.63%     92.78% |       55945      7.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       774721                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           1      0.75%      0.75% |           4      2.99%      3.73% |          85     63.43%     67.16% |          31     23.13%     90.30% |           3      2.24%     92.54% |           2      1.49%     94.03% |           7      5.22%     99.25% |           1      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          31     12.92%     12.92% |          29     12.08%     25.00% |          25     10.42%     35.42% |          31     12.92%     48.33% |          33     13.75%     62.08% |          31     12.92%     75.00% |          27     11.25%     86.25% |          33     13.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           3     33.33%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       75499     14.77%     14.77% |       64393     12.59%     27.36% |       64230     12.56%     39.92% |       62607     12.24%     52.16% |       61891     12.10%     64.27% |       60088     11.75%     76.02% |       58943     11.53%     87.55% |       63685     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       511336                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       38364     12.77%     12.77% |       37318     12.42%     25.19% |       37782     12.58%     37.77% |       37653     12.53%     50.30% |       36635     12.19%     62.50% |       39770     13.24%     75.73% |       36660     12.20%     87.94% |       36244     12.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       300426                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4344     12.57%     12.57% |        4485     12.98%     25.56% |        4333     12.54%     38.10% |        4391     12.71%     50.81% |        4254     12.31%     63.12% |        4315     12.49%     75.61% |        4160     12.04%     87.65% |        4267     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        34549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          66     13.23%     13.23% |          56     11.22%     24.45% |          62     12.42%     36.87% |          61     12.22%     49.10% |          66     13.23%     62.32% |          63     12.63%     74.95% |          63     12.63%     87.58% |          62     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total          499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         117     13.10%     13.10% |         117     13.10%     26.20% |         109     12.21%     38.41% |         109     12.21%     50.62% |         110     12.32%     62.93% |         109     12.21%     75.14% |         110     12.32%     87.46% |         112     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          893                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      119080     13.96%     13.96% |      106922     12.53%     26.49% |      107190     12.56%     39.05% |      105438     12.36%     51.41% |      103694     12.15%     63.57% |      105024     12.31%     75.87% |      100754     11.81%     87.68% |      105078     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       853180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         137     88.39%     88.39% |           2      1.29%     89.68% |           3      1.94%     91.61% |           3      1.94%     93.55% |           2      1.29%     94.84% |           3      1.94%     96.77% |           3      1.94%     98.71% |           2      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        4695     12.92%     12.92% |        4689     12.90%     25.83% |        4532     12.47%     38.30% |        4595     12.65%     50.94% |        4465     12.29%     63.23% |        4521     12.44%     75.67% |        4363     12.01%     87.68% |        4476     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total        36336                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         117     13.10%     13.10% |         117     13.10%     26.20% |         109     12.21%     38.41% |         109     12.21%     50.62% |         110     12.32%     62.93% |         109     12.21%     75.14% |         110     12.32%     87.46% |         112     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          893                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           3     15.00%     50.00% |           2     10.00%     60.00% |           3     15.00%     75.00% |           3     15.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         137     88.39%     88.39% |           2      1.29%     89.68% |           3      1.94%     91.61% |           3      1.94%     93.55% |           2      1.29%     94.84% |           3      1.94%     96.77% |           3      1.94%     98.71% |           2      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          31     12.92%     12.92% |          29     12.08%     25.00% |          25     10.42%     35.42% |          31     12.92%     48.33% |          33     13.75%     62.08% |          31     12.92%     75.00% |          27     11.25%     86.25% |          33     13.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        1117     12.95%     12.95% |        1100     12.75%     25.70% |        1076     12.48%     38.18% |        1076     12.48%     50.66% |        1090     12.64%     63.29% |        1064     12.34%     75.63% |        1049     12.16%     87.79% |        1053     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total         8625                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         380     12.22%     12.22% |         404     12.99%     25.21% |         408     13.12%     38.33% |         381     12.25%     50.58% |         369     11.86%     62.44% |         372     11.96%     74.41% |         397     12.77%     87.17% |         399     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         3110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4237     12.86%     12.86% |        4112     12.48%     25.34% |        4105     12.46%     37.80% |        4105     12.46%     50.26% |        4080     12.38%     62.64% |        4105     12.46%     75.10% |        4105     12.46%     87.56% |        4098     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        32947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      119217     13.97%     13.97% |      106923     12.53%     26.50% |      107193     12.56%     39.06% |      105441     12.36%     51.42% |      103696     12.15%     63.57% |      105027     12.31%     75.88% |      100757     11.81%     87.69% |      105080     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       853334                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
