
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.755241                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                755241191500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5975372818500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 597134                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1075155                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              899640997                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1833640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   839.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   501288932                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     902584025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3917440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3917440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3830912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3830912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              61210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        59858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             59858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5187005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5187005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5072435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5072435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     10259440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            10259440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      61210                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     59858                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    61210                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   59858                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3891584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  25856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3825344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3917440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3830912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   404                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   99                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            3464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            3950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            3967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             3751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       43                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 756160296000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                61210                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               59858                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  3456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  3549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  3623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  3603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  3595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  3657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  3660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  3712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  3789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  3638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  3619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  3604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  3556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  3499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  3464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  3446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        33871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.831006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.637227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.760166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11575     34.17%     34.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9000     26.57%     60.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5778     17.06%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4484     13.24%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1632      4.82%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          414      1.22%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          225      0.66%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          163      0.48%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          600      1.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        33871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.984329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.470562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            292      8.63%      8.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            50      1.48%     10.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2614     77.29%     87.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          304      8.99%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           66      1.95%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           26      0.77%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           11      0.33%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      0.18%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            5      0.15%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            4      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         3382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.673270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.033997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     6.889330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3082     91.13%     91.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           36      1.06%     92.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.27%     92.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.27%     92.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           27      0.80%     93.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           12      0.35%     93.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           41      1.21%     95.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           19      0.56%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           23      0.68%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.18%     96.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           16      0.47%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           15      0.44%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.38%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.21%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.15%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            8      0.24%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           21      0.62%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.09%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.03%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.06%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            9      0.27%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.06%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.03%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.03%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.09%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.06%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            3      0.09%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         3382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3630997250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4771109750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 304030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    59714.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               78464.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        5.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     5.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   43241                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  43464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               72.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   6245748.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               164512740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                87436800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              341034960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             178769340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        13138544640.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          4270499850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           779727360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    32812048290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18171026880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1405453872285                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1475400807255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           246.913599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        748310689250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    964747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3535902000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 673535153000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29906586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3333411500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44874967250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               151810680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                80689290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              333880680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             174833460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        12317385600.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          4219710000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           702893280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    31150122090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16901666880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1406956738080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1472993007330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           246.510645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        750323042250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    920922750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3529536000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 675878217250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  30411388750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3477601000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44358761500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3890880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3890880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3825216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3825216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              60795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        59769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             59769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5151838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5151838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5064893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5064893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     10216731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            10216731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      60795                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     59769                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    60795                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   59769                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3873344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  17536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3825216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3890880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3825216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            3552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            3481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       92                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 758567157500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                60795                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               59769                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  60521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  3465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  3550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  3621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  3593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  3641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  3589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  3689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  3773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  3549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  3482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  3465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  3449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  3407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  3376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  3371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        33311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.111645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.664444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   198.979691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11250     33.77%     33.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8718     26.17%     59.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5615     16.86%     76.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4647     13.95%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1675      5.03%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          379      1.14%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          233      0.70%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          209      0.63%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          585      1.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        33311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.976240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.331552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            252      7.48%      7.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             26      0.77%      8.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            27      0.80%      9.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           22      0.65%      9.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         2133     63.35%     73.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          492     14.61%     87.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          204      6.06%     93.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           90      2.67%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           36      1.07%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           26      0.77%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           18      0.53%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           13      0.39%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            7      0.21%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.09%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.06%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.06%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.06%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.09%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         3367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.751411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.050361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.469107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3078     91.42%     91.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           31      0.92%     92.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            8      0.24%     92.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.18%     92.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      0.53%     93.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           13      0.39%     93.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           43      1.28%     94.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.27%     95.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      0.95%     96.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           12      0.36%     96.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           21      0.62%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.21%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           17      0.50%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.06%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.18%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.09%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           26      0.77%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.09%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.09%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.09%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.09%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.15%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.06%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.06%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.06%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            2      0.06%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.06%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         3367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3581219245                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4715987995                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 302605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    59173.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               77923.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   43184                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  43795                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               73.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   6291821.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   72.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               158572260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                84283155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              338750160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             177902820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        12890230080.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          4241792940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           774660960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    32090323410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    17827368960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1406021385930                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1474607139105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           246.780776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        751000521750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    962577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3509152000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 677027239750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29930747000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3304587000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44049926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               152260500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                80928375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              334259100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             175334580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        12265755840.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          4202526210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           698333760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    31219454610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16653622080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1407078535020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1472863419165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           246.488958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        750343079750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    916104000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3503368000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 676502186500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29806403000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3385136250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44453578750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3887040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           3887040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3814144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3814144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              60735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        59596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             59596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5146753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5146753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5050233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             5050233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     10196986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            10196986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      60735                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     59596                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    60735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   59596                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               3870848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  16192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3813888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                3887040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3814144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             3891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             3816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             3961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             3705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             3534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             3905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             3722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             3788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            3790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            3494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            3965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            3957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      106                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 757227262500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                60735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               59596                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  60482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  3448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  3528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  3580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  3565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  3527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  3616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  3579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  3668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  3757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  3531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  3461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  3453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  3442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  3403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  3382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  3371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        32950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.224158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.765927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.718936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11088     33.65%     33.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8561     25.98%     59.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5482     16.64%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4620     14.02%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1776      5.39%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          401      1.22%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          235      0.71%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          182      0.55%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          605      1.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        32950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.994049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.562166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            251      7.47%      7.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             29      0.86%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      0.65%      8.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           27      0.80%      9.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         2139     63.64%     73.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          466     13.86%     87.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          214      6.37%     93.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           90      2.68%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           40      1.19%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           23      0.68%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           21      0.62%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            9      0.27%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            6      0.18%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.09%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.15%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.03%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.06%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.06%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.09%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.03%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            2      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         3361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.730437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.048719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.323311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3069     91.31%     91.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           30      0.89%     92.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           10      0.30%     92.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      0.27%     92.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           15      0.45%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           12      0.36%     93.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           45      1.34%     94.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           17      0.51%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           26      0.77%     96.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.27%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           27      0.80%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.24%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.36%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.15%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.15%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.15%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           20      0.60%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            5      0.15%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.06%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            4      0.12%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            5      0.15%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.03%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            3      0.09%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.09%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.06%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.06%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.06%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            5      0.15%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         3361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3578095998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4712133498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 302410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    59159.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               77909.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        5.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     5.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   43370                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  43754                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               73.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   6292869.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   72.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               157886820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                83918835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              337043700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             176848380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        12854580960.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          4294565250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           775020000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    31893994320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    17696695680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1406193328215                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1474466136810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           246.757178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        749238811500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    987601000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3507066000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 675482188750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29668053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3479520250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44089962250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               149054640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                79224420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              333238080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             174859560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        12179091600.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          4171965090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           703431840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    30754043910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16630753440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1407353469825                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1472531491335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           246.433409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        750410355000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    930151250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3478880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 677209922750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29814845500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3414743500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  43715813000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3883264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           3883264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3828160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3828160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              60676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5141753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5141753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5068791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5068791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10210545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            10210545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      60676                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59815                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    60676                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59815                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               3867776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  15488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3828160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                3883264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3828160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             3915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             3807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             3942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             3700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             3514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             3741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             3800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            3560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            3483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            3761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            3940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      102                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 755240659500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                60676                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59815                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  60434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  3494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  3576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  3626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  3580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  3541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  3631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  3587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  3696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  3792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  3566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  3493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  3466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  3450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  3414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  3402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  3393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        32886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   234.018610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.118998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.360205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11092     33.73%     33.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8458     25.72%     59.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5469     16.63%     76.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4589     13.95%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1833      5.57%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          424      1.29%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          227      0.69%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          199      0.61%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          595      1.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        32886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.922598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.440990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            249      7.38%      7.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             30      0.89%      8.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      0.65%      8.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           25      0.74%      9.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         2188     64.89%     74.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          434     12.87%     87.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          204      6.05%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           87      2.58%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           57      1.69%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           18      0.53%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           18      0.53%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           12      0.36%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.09%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.12%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.12%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.06%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.06%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.09%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.03%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.03%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.06%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         3372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.738731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.055161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.307234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3080     91.34%     91.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           28      0.83%     92.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.27%     92.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.21%     92.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.50%     93.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           16      0.47%     93.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           45      1.33%     94.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           15      0.44%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           21      0.62%     96.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           13      0.39%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           26      0.77%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.18%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           17      0.50%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.09%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.18%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.06%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           23      0.68%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            5      0.15%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            4      0.12%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.09%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            6      0.18%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.03%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.06%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.06%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.06%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            2      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::118-119            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         3372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3569033997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4702171497                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 302170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    59056.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               77806.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   43387                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  43976                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                71.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               73.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   6268025.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   72.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               156844380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                83364765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              337971900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             177949800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        12750706800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          4169155560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           779457120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    31343535630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    17716906560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1406541345570                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1474059125115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           246.689064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        747526086250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1018912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3489366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 674368004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29972090500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3172040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  43222098250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               148119300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                78723480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              333695040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             175099680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        12188311200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          4201076700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           688777440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    30672418200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16664615520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1407383319495                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1472537629395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           246.434436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        750918449750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    900204500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3490542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 677320217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  30109570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3483318500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  43490514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      3880256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           3880256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      3811904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        3811904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        60629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              60629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        59561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             59561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5137771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              5137771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5047267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             5047267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4     10185038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            10185038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      60629                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     59561                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    60629                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   59561                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               3864768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  15488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                3811136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                3880256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             3811904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             3902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             3796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             3938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             3529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             3816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             3891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             3721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            3549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            3796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            3955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            3956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             3736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             3485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             3670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             3587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             3791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            3741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            3687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            3666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            3746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       66                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 758798828000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                60629                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               59561                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  60387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  3462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  3549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  3590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  3564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  3550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  3636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  3586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  3668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  3745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  3537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  3460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  3450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  3455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  3407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  3391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  3379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        32561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.737232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.157721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   202.116794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10945     33.61%     33.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8323     25.56%     59.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5319     16.34%     75.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4504     13.83%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2058      6.32%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          398      1.22%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          242      0.74%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          175      0.54%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          597      1.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        32561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.006263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.511554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            271      8.08%      8.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            52      1.55%      9.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2615     77.99%     87.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          284      8.47%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           66      1.97%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           32      0.95%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      0.42%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      0.18%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            1      0.03%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         3353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.759916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.059871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.494384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3092     92.22%     92.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           19      0.57%     92.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           24      0.72%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           54      1.61%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           45      1.34%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           32      0.95%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           17      0.51%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-47           14      0.42%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           29      0.86%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.12%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.09%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.06%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            3      0.09%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.09%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            2      0.06%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.06%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::132-135            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         3353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  3555693747                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             4687949997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 301935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    58881.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               77631.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        5.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        5.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     5.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   43495                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  43879                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                72.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               73.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   6313327.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   72.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy               155216460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                82495710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              336715260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             177015420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        12640686240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          4137843180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           776308320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    30958227600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    17632875360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1406795924595                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1473695580405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           246.628223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        751190129000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    987931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3428904000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 679206568250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29731108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3183058000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  42252575250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy               147633780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                78469215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              333273780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             174567240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        12046329360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          4154311620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           689765280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    30347940000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16465983840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1407666371400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1472107933965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           246.362525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        750620609250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    898000250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3435286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 678506093250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29730581750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3420606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  42801663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      3878784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           3878784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      3818176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        3818176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        60606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              60606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        59659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             59659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5135822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              5135822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5055572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             5055572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5     10191393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            10191393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      60606                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     59659                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    60606                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   59659                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               3863552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  15232                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                3817984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                3878784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             3818176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             3706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             3530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             3774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             3886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             3746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             3783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            3533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            3489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            3788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            3954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             3783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             3702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             3500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             3652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             3811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            3816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            3735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            3634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       68                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 756261950500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                60606                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               59659                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  60368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  3455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  3536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  3606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  3599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  3540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  3639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  3583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  3664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  3763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  3564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  3481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  3470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  3458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  3419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  3391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  3378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        32555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.949747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.355963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   202.159909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10924     33.56%     33.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8339     25.62%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5358     16.46%     75.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4374     13.44%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2141      6.58%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          413      1.27%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          231      0.71%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          186      0.57%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          589      1.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        32555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.008950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.339694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            264      7.88%      7.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            51      1.52%      9.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2613     77.95%     87.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          292      8.71%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           74      2.21%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           30      0.89%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      0.36%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            5      0.15%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            1      0.03%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      0.09%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            3      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            2      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         3352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.797136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.079846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.505018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3065     91.44%     91.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           25      0.75%     92.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            9      0.27%     92.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.12%     92.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           16      0.48%     93.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.27%     93.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           37      1.10%     94.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           17      0.51%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           36      1.07%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           11      0.33%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           23      0.69%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            6      0.18%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.39%     97.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            9      0.27%     97.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            7      0.21%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.09%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           26      0.78%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            5      0.15%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            5      0.15%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.09%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.03%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.03%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.06%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.12%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.03%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.03%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         3352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  3546178999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             4678078999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 301840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    58742.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               77492.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        5.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        5.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     5.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   43646                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  43822                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                72.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               73.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   6288296.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   72.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy               156523080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                83190195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              337579200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             177433020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        12652364400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          4122642420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           751181280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    31128895860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    17670818880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1406689379325                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1473773371170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           246.641242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        748761877500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    936605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3405408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 677192358500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  29552380500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3141975500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  42017177750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy               147255360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                78268080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              332959620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             174676860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        12136681440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          4185381750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           684888960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    29956163040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16930047360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1407625524675                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1472255292315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           246.387186                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        750842792500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    904253500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3480604000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 678210306750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  30848656250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3467076750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  41880210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      3883264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           3883264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      3803776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        3803776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        60676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              60676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        59434                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             59434                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5141753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              5141753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5036505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             5036505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6     10178258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            10178258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      60676                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     59434                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    60676                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   59434                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               3870336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  12928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                3802880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                3883264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             3803776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             3919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             3933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             3520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             3891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             3747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            3549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            3502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            3956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             3681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             3473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             3682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             3593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             3800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             3757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            3739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            3739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       96                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 755238454500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                60676                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               59434                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  60474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  3451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  3532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  3593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  3566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  3533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  3630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  3590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  3660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  3737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  3555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  3457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  3441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  3430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  3390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  3383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  3372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        32623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.208779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.154240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.800373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10949     33.56%     33.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8287     25.40%     58.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5551     17.02%     75.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4230     12.97%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2263      6.94%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          371      1.14%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          214      0.66%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          165      0.51%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          593      1.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        32623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.118669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.520483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            259      7.76%      7.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            49      1.47%      9.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2593     77.70%     86.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          315      9.44%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           60      1.80%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           29      0.87%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           15      0.45%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            3      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            3      0.09%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      0.15%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      0.09%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         3337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.806413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.066958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.777037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3059     91.67%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           27      0.81%     92.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.18%     92.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.06%     92.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           17      0.51%     93.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            6      0.18%     93.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           39      1.17%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           14      0.42%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           29      0.87%     95.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           18      0.54%     96.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           17      0.51%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            9      0.27%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           20      0.60%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            2      0.06%     97.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.18%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.06%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           27      0.81%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.09%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.09%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.03%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            6      0.18%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.06%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.03%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.12%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.06%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.03%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.06%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            2      0.06%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            2      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::114-115            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         3337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  3602337250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             4736224750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 302370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    59568.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               78318.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        5.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        5.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     5.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   43772                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  43499                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                72.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               73.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   6287889.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   72.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy               155352120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                82567815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              336393960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             176436000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        12743331120.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          4314475350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           788144640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    30580074210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    17969916000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1406748032595                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1473898476210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           246.662178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        747191766500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1024224000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3469936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 675332688500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  30480396000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3552528000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  41382133500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy               147648060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                78476805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              332773980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             174107880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        12080134560.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          4035432990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           683752320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    29775977490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16922993760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1407806607135                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1472041329780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           246.351378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        750592212500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    894633500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3467030000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 678289796750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  30949623249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3201952250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  41771430251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      3879104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           3879104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      3806080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        3806080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        60611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              60611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        59470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             59470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5136245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              5136245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5039556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             5039556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7     10175801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            10175801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      60611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     59470                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    60611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   59470                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               3865280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  13824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                3805568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                3879104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             3806080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             3942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             3512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             3885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             3727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             3784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            3487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            3938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             3700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             3473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             3700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             3654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             3738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             3789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            3806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            3660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            3666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            3728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            3784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       63                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 755240546000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                60611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               59470                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  60395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  3466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  3551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  3617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  3590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  3549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  3642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  3582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  3665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  3751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  3563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  3455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  3461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  3452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  3404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  3385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  3381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        32606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.258787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.960542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.289225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10929     33.52%     33.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8432     25.86%     59.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5334     16.36%     75.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4206     12.90%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2359      7.23%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          366      1.12%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          238      0.73%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          167      0.51%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          575      1.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        32606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.064014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.270782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            240      7.18%      7.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             28      0.84%      8.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            26      0.78%      8.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           21      0.63%      9.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         2092     62.58%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          522     15.61%     87.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          199      5.95%     93.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           85      2.54%     96.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           47      1.41%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           25      0.75%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           15      0.45%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           13      0.39%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           12      0.36%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.03%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.06%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.06%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.06%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.03%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         3343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.787018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.067372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     7.682477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3060     91.53%     91.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           24      0.72%     92.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      0.15%     92.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            2      0.06%     92.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           20      0.60%     93.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           13      0.39%     93.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           38      1.14%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           18      0.54%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           34      1.02%     96.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           15      0.45%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           21      0.63%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            8      0.24%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.30%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.21%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.09%     98.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.15%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           29      0.87%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.12%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.03%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.03%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.09%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.06%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.06%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.03%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.06%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.06%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::116-117            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         3343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  3576754250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             4709160500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 301975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    59222.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               77972.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        5.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        5.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     5.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   43873                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  43378                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                72.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               72.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   6289425.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   72.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy               155851920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                82833465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              337286460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             176827500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        12665886480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          4247665650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           791753280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    30358063200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    17876843520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1406946888315                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1473643005180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           246.619424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        747322202750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1027768750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3450068000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 675803280750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  30357388500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3440506500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  41162266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy               146312880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                77767140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              332638320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             174113100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        11989167840.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          4051996050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           693029280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    29337978090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    16821646080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1408086626040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1471713387480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           246.296496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        750560797250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    916679500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3431544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 679215883750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  30654836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3246914000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  41106270250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  102126752                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   42445355                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       605129                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                       148587                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  480817479                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        22844                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 46                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    521592301.217391                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   827477979.116239                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           23    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       467501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2133170500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   747778951571                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  11996622928                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1510482383                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  358884357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    629900414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            397101937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             275105262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    8818012                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     21939477                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   397101937                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    275105262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          886555551                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         278857656                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           541478360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          266571329                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           169997107                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          110593094                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    142511981                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  100231223                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  42280758                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              23993245.855968                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1486489137.144032                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.984116                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.015884                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         33382299                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             11068305      1.76%      1.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                285029543     45.25%     47.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 1576511      0.25%     47.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   178149      0.03%     47.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              189551323     30.09%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                55221887      8.77%     86.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               34967455      5.55%     91.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead           45009287      7.15%     98.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           7313303      1.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 629915763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7270                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7270                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8610                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8610                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1207                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1207                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        10612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        31760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   34174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         4828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        21224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        36643                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    41471                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              8437500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              8345986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             5042500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             5840209                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1809589                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            23848000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1240                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      5229568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1366                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27566859                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.410276                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.768917                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26117699     94.74%     94.74% |       60888      0.22%     94.96% |           7      0.00%     94.96% |           3      0.00%     94.96% |     1363631      4.95%     99.91% |       20526      0.07%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |        4105      0.01%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27566859                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    627699382                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.002113                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001465                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.045913                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   626373362     99.79%     99.79% |     1326020      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    627699382                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      627699382                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.367657                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.036949                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.432367                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   627635314     99.99%     99.99% |       11468      0.00%     99.99% |       15407      0.00%     99.99% |        5732      0.00%     99.99% |       29330      0.00%    100.00% |        1789      0.00%    100.00% |         323      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        627699382                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    620135961                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   620135961    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    620135961                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7563421                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.512434                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.310855                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.069567                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7499353     99.15%     99.15% |       11468      0.15%     99.30% |       15407      0.20%     99.51% |        5732      0.08%     99.58% |       29330      0.39%     99.97% |        1789      0.02%    100.00% |         323      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7563421                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5452.201896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.016596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.057038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5523.408616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.005702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.029833                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5482.228664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5548.029134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5516.332405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.638060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5482.745930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.060333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5445.632110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5492.850732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.004838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000326                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.002428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143087823                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3816924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    146904747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    477048138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses      3746497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    480794635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.417601                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.000626                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            7                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.015068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3954.419952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         42750                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000930                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4378.726568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       829899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        61086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       890985                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   954.199644                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.022805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4367.628279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       848206                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        60795                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       909001                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001557                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   953.905272                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.014546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000314                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000923                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4357.891724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       844300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        60735                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       905035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001561                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   956.481483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.013352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4369.286399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       800227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        60676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       860903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   956.839353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.013207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000311                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000979                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4345.181869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       967266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        60629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses      1027895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001697                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   956.841986                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.226030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4329.152665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       958381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        60606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses      1018987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001705                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   959.158907                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.013384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000993                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4332.725040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       968222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        60676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses      1028898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001712                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   959.203113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.013659                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000312                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4408.839052                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       861106                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        60611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       921717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001569                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   958.443656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.013761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.007534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3454.419952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.011097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1864.430214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.002527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.614817                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      7563421                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13618                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7563421                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3829983                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3816805                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1306613                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2509972                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     60507368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    544566312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30639864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30534440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     94076136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     20079776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000930                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3878.726568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.022805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2916.323401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000969                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1454.200092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.215153                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       952071                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1929                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1001914                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       585342                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       513710                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       176706                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       336785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      7616568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     72137808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4682736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4109680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12722832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2694280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3867.628279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.014546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000314                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2968.962930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000956                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1453.905970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.213512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       969796                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1692                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1019550                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       546319                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       474901                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       157086                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       317816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      7758368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73407600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4370552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3799208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11310192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2542528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000923                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3857.891724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.013352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000168                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2944.486966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000962                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1456.481483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.214149                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       965770                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1651                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1015341                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       560134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       489113                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161862                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       327251                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      7726160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73104552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4481072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3912904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11654064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2618008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3869.286399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.013207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000311                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3020.204610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1456.839353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.205902                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       921579                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1619                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       971369                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       541344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       470355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161607                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       308747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      7372632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     69938568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4330752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3762840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11635704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000979                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3845.181868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.226030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000168                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2970.587941                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1456.842021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.231846                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0      1088524                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1138060                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       520998                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       450142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       156749                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       293392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      8708192                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     81940320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4167984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3601136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11285928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2347136                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3829.152665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.013384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000168                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2949.579139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1459.158994                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.232405                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0      1079593                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1129227                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       550355                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       479490                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       318474                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      8636744                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     81304344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4402840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3835920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11593152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2547792                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000993                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3832.725040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.013659                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000312                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000168                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2907.311799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1459.203529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.234696                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0      1089574                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1698                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1138984                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       541582                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       470844                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       169349                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       301495                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      8716592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82006848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4332656                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3766752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2411960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3908.839052                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.013761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000168                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2954.029276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000959                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1458.444505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.215885                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       982328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1031778                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       539148                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       468250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       162238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       306012                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      7858624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     74288016                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4313184                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3746000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11681136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2448096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4952.201896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.057038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.018782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.019091                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        61086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111272                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        70141                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10557                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       488688                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8011584                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       561128                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5023.408618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.029833                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.006029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.018966                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        60795                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       110549                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69725                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       486360                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7959528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       557800                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4982.228664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.004939                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.018923                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        60735                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1       110306                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69370                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       485880                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7942032                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       554960                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5048.029135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.004935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.018945                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       110466                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69371                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7953552                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       554968                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5016.332405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.638060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.005338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.018897                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        60629                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1       110165                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       485032                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7931880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       553640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4982.745931                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.060333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.004913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.018908                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        60606                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1       110240                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69209                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       484848                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7937280                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       553672                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4945.632111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.004890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.018883                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1       110086                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69040                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7926192                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       552320                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4992.850733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.004902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.018881                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        60611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1       110061                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69178                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       484888                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7924392                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       553424                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.002762                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          343                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82055                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656440                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.007534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2364.430214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3416.323401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000969                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1954.200092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3468.962929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000956                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1953.905970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3444.486966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000962                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1956.481483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3520.204609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1956.839353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3470.587941                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.001018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1956.842021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3449.579138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.001031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1959.158995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3407.311798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.001032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1959.203529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3454.029275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000959                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1958.444505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.018782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.006029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.004939                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.004935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.005338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.004913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.004890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.004902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.007534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2954.419952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000930                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3378.726568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.022805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3367.628279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.014546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000314                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000923                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3357.891724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.013352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3369.286399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.013207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000311                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000979                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3345.181867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.226030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3329.152665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.013384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000993                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3332.725040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.013659                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000312                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3408.839052                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.013761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4452.201896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.057038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4523.408619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.029833                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4482.228664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4548.029136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4516.332405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.638060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4482.745932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.060333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4445.632112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.000013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4492.850734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.000800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.002428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.007715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2454.419952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000930                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2878.726568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.022805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2867.628279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.014546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000314                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000923                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2857.891724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.013352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000881                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2869.286399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.013207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000311                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000979                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  2845.181865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.226030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2829.152665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.013384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000993                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2832.725040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.013659                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000312                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2908.839052                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.013761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  3952.201896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.057038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4023.408620                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.029833                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  3982.228664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4048.029138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4016.332405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.638060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  3982.745934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.060333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  3945.632114                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.000013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  3992.850736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.000800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.002428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.135870                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      8049235                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13618                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8446566                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4385222                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3816805                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1306613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2592027                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     64393880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    608152752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     35081776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30534440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     94076136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     20736216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        24147705                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        40854                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     25339698                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     24606081                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3920499                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8021217                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        193181640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       326832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1824458256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    196848648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    282275928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     64169736                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5975372818500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     2.380067                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13618                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7563421                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3816585                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    544566312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30532680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.849566                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7563421                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13398                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3816805                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1306613                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2509972                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     60507368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       107184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30534440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     94076136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     20079776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.130604                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       890985                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61911                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       513710                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       176706                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       336785                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7127880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4398192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       495288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4109680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12722832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2694280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.299702                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        61086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1929                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       940828                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       523431                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       488688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     67739616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4187448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.123278                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       909001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61531                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       474901                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       157086                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       317816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7272008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4377240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       492248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3799208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11310192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2542528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.303746                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        60795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1692                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       958755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       484788                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       486360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     69030360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3878304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       905035                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60735                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       489113                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161862                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       327251                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7240280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4372920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       489728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3912904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11654064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2618008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.302975                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        60735                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1651                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       954606                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       498918                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       485880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     68731632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3991344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.122539                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       860903                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61294                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       470355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161607                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       308747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6887224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4368672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       490352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3762840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11635704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.289265                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1619                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       910693                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       480050                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     65569896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3840400                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125422                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1027895                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61117                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       450142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       156749                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       293392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      8223160                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4365288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       488936                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3601136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11285928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2347136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.338271                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        60629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1077431                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       459881                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       485032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77575032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3679048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.128195                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1018987                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60606                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       479490                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       318474                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      8151896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4363632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       489376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3835920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11593152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2547792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.336615                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        60606                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1068621                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       489183                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       484848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76940712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3913464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.130173                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1028898                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61018                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       470844                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       169349                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       301495                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      8231184                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4368672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       488144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3766752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2411960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.339220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1698                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1078308                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       480564                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77638176                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3844512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.124555                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       921717                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60611                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61131                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       468250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       162238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       306012                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7373736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4363992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       489048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3746000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11681136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2448096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.307215                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        60611                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       971167                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       478017                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       484888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     69924024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3824136                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017550                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        61086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49843                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9940                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10557                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       488688                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3588696                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79520                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020632                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61429                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        60201                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4422888                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       481608                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017500                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        60795                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49754                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9886                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       486360                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3582288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79088                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020431                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60795                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59839                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4377240                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       478712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017441                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        60735                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49571                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9805                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       485880                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3569112                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020404                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60735                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59565                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4372920                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       476520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49790                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9696                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3584880                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77568                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020390                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59675                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4368672                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       477400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        60629                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9740                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       485032                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3566592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020369                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60629                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59465                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4365288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       475720                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017452                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        60606                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49634                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9693                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       484848                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3573648                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77544                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020364                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60606                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59516                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4363632                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       476128                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017388                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49410                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3557520                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77760                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020378                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59320                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4368672                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       474560                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017400                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        60611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49450                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9767                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       484888                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3560400                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78136                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020362                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59411                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4363992                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       475288                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002807                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          343                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002716                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82055                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       656440                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     2.380067                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13618                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7563421                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3816585                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    544566312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30532680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.130604                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       890985                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61086                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61911                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       513710                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       176706                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       336785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      7127880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4398192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       495288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4109680                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12722832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2694280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.123278                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       909001                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61531                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       474901                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       157086                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       317816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      7272008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4377240                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       492248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3799208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11310192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2542528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.125324                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       905035                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60735                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       489113                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161862                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       327251                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      7240280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4372920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       489728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3912904                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11654064                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2618008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.122539                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       860903                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61294                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       470355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161607                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       308747                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      6887224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4368672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       490352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3762840                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11635704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.125422                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0      1027895                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61117                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       450142                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       156749                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       293392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      8223160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4365288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       488936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3601136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11285928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2347136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.128195                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0      1018987                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61172                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       479490                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       318474                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      8151896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4363632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       489376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3835920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11593152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2547792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.130173                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0      1028898                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61018                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       470844                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       169349                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       301495                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      8231184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4368672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       488144                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3766752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2411960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.124555                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       921717                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60611                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61131                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       468250                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       162238                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       306012                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      7373736                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4363992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       489048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3746000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11681136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2448096                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.017550                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        61086                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49843                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9940                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10557                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       488688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3588696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        84456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.017500                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        60795                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49754                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9886                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       486360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3582288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79088                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.017441                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        60735                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49571                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9805                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       485880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3569112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.017501                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49790                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3584880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.017425                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        60629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9740                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       485032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3566592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.017452                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        60606                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49634                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9693                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       484848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3573648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.017388                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        60676                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49410                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       485408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3557520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.017400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        60611                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49450                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10214                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       484888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3560400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.002807                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          343                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        81712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        24696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       653696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      15196811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.708260                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.278596                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    13815999     90.91%     90.91% |       60880      0.40%     91.31% |           0      0.00%     91.31% |           0      0.00%     91.31% |     1295310      8.52%     99.84% |       20517      0.14%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |        4105      0.03%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        15196811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      12356430                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.044246                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.593299                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    12288082     99.45%     99.45% |           8      0.00%     99.45% |           7      0.00%     99.45% |           3      0.00%     99.45% |       68321      0.55%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        12356430                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         13618                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       13618    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           13618                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    103017578                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.718329                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.081620                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.258523                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   102998382     99.98%     99.98% |        2662      0.00%     99.98% |        2266      0.00%     99.99% |         443      0.00%     99.99% |       13171      0.01%    100.00% |         572      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     103017578                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    100302196                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   100302196    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    100302196                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2715382                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.252336                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.621806                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.054606                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2696186     99.29%     99.29% |        2662      0.10%     99.39% |        2266      0.08%     99.47% |         443      0.02%     99.49% |       13171      0.49%     99.98% |         572      0.02%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2715382                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     42275426                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.175088                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.098200                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.364581                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    42233758     99.90%     99.90% |        8446      0.02%     99.92% |       12988      0.03%     99.95% |        5275      0.01%     99.96% |       13613      0.03%    100.00% |        1111      0.00%    100.00% |         217      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      42275426                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41204325                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41204325    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41204325                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1071101                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.848834                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    40.333189                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   170.902248                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1029433     96.11%     96.11% |        8446      0.79%     96.90% |       12988      1.21%     98.11% |        5275      0.49%     98.60% |       13613      1.27%     99.87% |        1111      0.10%     99.98% |         217      0.02%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1071101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    480794635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.133047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.022379                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.175709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   480791673    100.00%    100.00% |         339      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |        2355      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    480794635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    477048138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   477048138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    477048138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3746497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.074163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.119971                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.701532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     3743535     99.92%     99.92% |         339      0.01%     99.93% |         135      0.00%     99.93% |          12      0.00%     99.93% |        2355      0.06%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3746497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1587585                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.533389                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.057872                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.324066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1587343     99.98%     99.98% |          21      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |         191      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1587585                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1557681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1557681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1557681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29904                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.317315                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.821705                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   100.530519                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       29662     99.19%     99.19% |          21      0.07%     99.26% |          18      0.06%     99.32% |           2      0.01%     99.33% |         191      0.64%     99.97% |           8      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29904                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.828214                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.139932                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.356377                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11542     95.55%     95.55% |         534      4.42%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        12079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11542                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11542                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          537                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.629423                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.028718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.767183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         534     99.44%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           1      0.19%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           2      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          537                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12079    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        12079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12079    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        12079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       61086     12.57%     12.57% |       60795     12.51%     25.09% |       60735     12.50%     37.59% |       60676     12.49%     50.08% |       60629     12.48%     62.56% |       60606     12.48%     75.03% |       60676     12.49%     87.52% |       60611     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       485814                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       49843     12.56%     12.56% |       49754     12.53%     25.09% |       49571     12.49%     37.57% |       49790     12.54%     50.12% |       49536     12.48%     62.59% |       49634     12.50%     75.10% |       49410     12.45%     87.54% |       49450     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       396988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       61210     12.60%     12.60% |       60795     12.51%     25.11% |       60735     12.50%     37.61% |       60676     12.49%     50.09% |       60629     12.48%     62.57% |       60606     12.47%     75.04% |       60676     12.49%     87.53% |       60611     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       485938                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       59858     12.54%     12.54% |       59769     12.53%     25.07% |       59596     12.49%     37.56% |       59815     12.54%     50.10% |       59561     12.48%     62.58% |       59659     12.50%     75.08% |       59434     12.46%     87.54% |       59470     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       477162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |       10214     12.50%     12.50% |       10214     12.50%     25.00% |       10214     12.50%     37.50% |       10214     12.50%     50.00% |       10214     12.50%     62.50% |       10214     12.50%     75.00% |       10214     12.50%     87.50% |       10214     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        81712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        9940     12.70%     12.70% |        9886     12.63%     25.34% |        9805     12.53%     37.87% |        9696     12.39%     50.26% |        9740     12.45%     62.71% |        9693     12.39%     75.10% |        9720     12.42%     87.52% |        9767     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        78247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       61086     12.57%     12.57% |       60795     12.51%     25.09% |       60735     12.50%     37.59% |       60676     12.49%     50.08% |       60629     12.48%     62.56% |       60606     12.48%     75.03% |       60676     12.49%     87.52% |       60611     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       485814                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |       10015     12.49%     12.49% |       10015     12.49%     24.98% |       10025     12.50%     37.49% |       10025     12.50%     49.99% |       10025     12.50%     62.50% |       10025     12.50%     75.00% |       10024     12.50%     87.50% |       10020     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        80174                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |       10015     12.49%     12.49% |       10015     12.49%     24.98% |       10025     12.50%     37.49% |       10025     12.50%     49.99% |       10025     12.50%     62.50% |       10025     12.50%     75.00% |       10024     12.50%     87.50% |       10020     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        80174                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       49425     12.51%     12.51% |       49555     12.54%     25.04% |       49382     12.49%     37.54% |       49601     12.55%     50.09% |       49347     12.49%     62.57% |       49445     12.51%     75.08% |       49220     12.45%     87.54% |       49256     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       395231                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         199     12.94%     12.94% |         199     12.94%     25.88% |         189     12.29%     38.17% |         189     12.29%     50.46% |         189     12.29%     62.74% |         189     12.29%     75.03% |         190     12.35%     87.39% |         194     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        9940     12.70%     12.70% |        9886     12.63%     25.34% |        9805     12.53%     37.87% |        9696     12.39%     50.26% |        9740     12.45%     62.71% |        9693     12.39%     75.10% |        9720     12.42%     87.52% |        9767     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        78247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       61086     12.57%     12.57% |       60795     12.51%     25.09% |       60735     12.50%     37.59% |       60676     12.49%     50.08% |       60629     12.48%     62.56% |       60606     12.48%     75.03% |       60676     12.49%     87.52% |       60611     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       485814                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       49425     12.51%     12.51% |       49555     12.54%     25.04% |       49382     12.49%     37.54% |       49601     12.55%     50.09% |       49347     12.49%     62.57% |       49445     12.51%     75.08% |       49220     12.45%     87.54% |       49256     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       395231                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         219    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         199     12.94%     12.94% |         199     12.94%     25.88% |         189     12.29%     38.17% |         189     12.29%     50.46% |         189     12.29%     62.74% |         189     12.29%     75.03% |         190     12.35%     87.39% |         194     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         199     12.94%     12.94% |         199     12.94%     25.88% |         189     12.29%     38.17% |         189     12.29%     50.46% |         189     12.29%     62.74% |         189     12.29%     75.03% |         190     12.35%     87.39% |         194     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1538                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        81712                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          343                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       81712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        81712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   103017578    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    103017578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   480794642    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    480794642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    43887169    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     43887169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13618    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        13618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     7563384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      7563384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2715263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2715263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     4848158    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4848158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     3816585    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3816585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     2715382    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2715382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |     3746493    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      3746493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1101508    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1101508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       13390    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        13390                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         190    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total          538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   477048138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    477048138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     3746609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      3746609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    43705705    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     43705705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      205300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       205300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |     2509972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2509972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    56595953    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     56595953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    42580327    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     42580327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         220    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1306613    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1306613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2715263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2715263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |     3746616    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      3746616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1101542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1101542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     3816585    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3816585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |      377275     10.07%     10.07% |      434098     11.59%     21.66% |      415841     11.10%     32.76% |      390521     10.42%     43.18% |      577752     15.42%     58.60% |      539496     14.40%     73.00% |      558048     14.90%     87.90% |      453466     12.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total      3746497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      367639     13.54%     13.54% |      342379     12.61%     26.15% |      352339     12.98%     39.12% |      335496     12.36%     51.48% |      317437     11.69%     63.17% |      343551     12.65%     75.82% |      322743     11.89%     87.71% |      333798     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715382                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |      146071     13.26%     13.26% |      132524     12.03%     25.29% |      136855     12.42%     37.72% |      134886     12.25%     49.96% |      132706     12.05%     62.01% |      135940     12.34%     74.35% |      148107     13.45%     87.79% |      134453     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1101542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      513491     13.45%     13.45% |      474902     12.44%     25.90% |      489113     12.82%     38.71% |      470354     12.32%     51.04% |      450141     11.79%     62.83% |      479490     12.56%     75.39% |      470844     12.34%     87.73% |      468250     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3816585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       49425     12.51%     12.51% |       49555     12.54%     25.04% |       49382     12.49%     37.54% |       49601     12.55%     50.09% |       49347     12.49%     62.57% |       49445     12.51%     75.08% |       49220     12.45%     87.54% |       49256     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       395231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        9940     12.70%     12.70% |        9886     12.63%     25.34% |        9805     12.53%     37.87% |        9696     12.39%     50.26% |        9740     12.45%     62.71% |        9693     12.39%     75.10% |        9720     12.42%     87.52% |        9767     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        78247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       61086     12.57%     12.57% |       60795     12.51%     25.09% |       60735     12.50%     37.59% |       60676     12.49%     50.08% |       60629     12.48%     62.56% |       60606     12.48%     75.03% |       60676     12.49%     87.52% |       60611     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       485814                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       59783     12.58%     12.58% |       59640     12.55%     25.13% |       59376     12.49%     37.62% |       59486     12.52%     50.14% |       59276     12.47%     62.61% |       59327     12.48%     75.10% |       59130     12.44%     87.54% |       59217     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       475235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         219     99.55%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           1      0.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1710     12.76%     12.76% |        1692     12.63%     25.39% |        1651     12.32%     37.71% |        1619     12.08%     49.80% |        1652     12.33%     62.13% |        1656     12.36%     74.49% |        1698     12.67%     87.16% |        1720     12.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        13398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      513710     13.46%     13.46% |      474901     12.44%     25.90% |      489113     12.81%     38.72% |      470355     12.32%     51.04% |      450142     11.79%     62.83% |      479490     12.56%     75.40% |      470844     12.34%     87.73% |      468250     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      3816805                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         836     23.79%     23.79% |         398     11.33%     35.12% |         378     10.76%     45.87% |         378     10.76%     56.63% |         378     10.76%     67.39% |         378     10.76%     78.14% |         380     10.81%     88.96% |         388     11.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         3514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        1214     12.58%     12.58% |        1209     12.53%     25.11% |        1216     12.60%     37.71% |        1184     12.27%     49.97% |        1185     12.28%     62.25% |        1183     12.26%     74.51% |        1231     12.76%     87.27% |        1229     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         9651                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       11229     12.87%     12.87% |       10854     12.44%     25.30% |       10903     12.49%     37.80% |       10984     12.59%     50.38% |       10803     12.38%     62.76% |       10913     12.50%     75.26% |       10932     12.53%     87.79% |       10657     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        87275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       48643     12.51%     12.51% |       48732     12.53%     25.04% |       48616     12.50%     37.54% |       48508     12.47%     50.01% |       48641     12.51%     62.52% |       48510     12.47%     75.00% |       48513     12.47%     87.47% |       48725     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       388888                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |      376060     10.06%     10.06% |      432886     11.58%     21.65% |      414619     11.10%     32.74% |      389336     10.42%     43.16% |      576565     15.43%     58.59% |      538310     14.41%     73.00% |      556814     14.90%     87.90% |      452237     12.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total      3736827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.68%      1.68% |          81     68.07%     69.75% |          27     22.69%     92.44% |           1      0.84%     93.28% |           1      0.84%     94.12% |           6      5.04%     99.16% |           1      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1710     12.77%     12.77% |        1691     12.63%     25.40% |        1651     12.33%     37.72% |        1617     12.07%     49.80% |        1651     12.33%     62.13% |        1655     12.36%     74.48% |        1697     12.67%     87.16% |        1720     12.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           3     15.79%     21.05% |           6     31.58%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           2     10.53%     68.42% |           3     15.79%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      356410     13.56%     13.56% |      331523     12.62%     26.18% |      341355     12.99%     39.17% |      324485     12.35%     51.51% |      306633     11.67%     63.18% |      332637     12.66%     75.84% |      311805     11.86%     87.70% |      323140     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      2627988                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       97428     13.67%     13.67% |       83792     11.76%     25.43% |       88239     12.38%     37.81% |       86378     12.12%     49.93% |       84065     11.80%     61.73% |       87430     12.27%     74.00% |       99594     13.98%     87.97% |       85728     12.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       712654                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       49425     12.51%     12.51% |       49554     12.54%     25.04% |       49382     12.49%     37.54% |       49599     12.55%     50.09% |       49346     12.49%     62.57% |       49444     12.51%     75.08% |       49219     12.45%     87.54% |       49256     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       395225                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8230     12.69%     12.69% |        8195     12.64%     25.33% |        8154     12.57%     37.90% |        8079     12.46%     50.36% |        8089     12.47%     62.83% |        8038     12.39%     75.22% |        8023     12.37%     87.59% |        8047     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        64855                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         199     12.95%     12.95% |         199     12.95%     25.89% |         189     12.30%     38.19% |         189     12.30%     50.49% |         188     12.23%     62.72% |         189     12.30%     75.02% |         190     12.36%     87.38% |         194     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      513491     13.45%     13.45% |      474902     12.44%     25.90% |      489113     12.82%     38.71% |      470354     12.32%     51.04% |      450141     11.79%     62.83% |      479490     12.56%     75.39% |      470844     12.34%     87.73% |      468250     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3816585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         219     99.55%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           1      0.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       59783     12.58%     12.58% |       59640     12.55%     25.13% |       59376     12.49%     37.62% |       59486     12.52%     50.14% |       59276     12.47%     62.61% |       59327     12.48%     75.10% |       59130     12.44%     87.54% |       59217     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       475235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         199     12.95%     12.95% |         199     12.95%     25.89% |         189     12.30%     38.19% |         189     12.30%     50.49% |         188     12.23%     62.72% |         189     12.30%     75.02% |         190     12.36%     87.38% |         194     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         219     99.55%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           1      0.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         219     99.55%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |           1      0.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1710     12.77%     12.77% |        1691     12.63%     25.40% |        1651     12.33%     37.72% |        1617     12.07%     49.80% |        1651     12.33%     62.13% |        1655     12.36%     74.48% |        1697     12.67%     87.16% |        1720     12.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       11229     12.87%     12.87% |       10854     12.44%     25.30% |       10903     12.49%     37.80% |       10984     12.59%     50.38% |       10803     12.38%     62.76% |       10913     12.50%     75.26% |       10932     12.53%     87.79% |       10657     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        87275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1214     12.58%     12.58% |        1209     12.53%     25.11% |        1216     12.60%     37.71% |        1184     12.27%     49.97% |        1185     12.28%     62.25% |        1183     12.26%     74.51% |        1231     12.76%     87.27% |        1229     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         9651                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       48643     12.51%     12.51% |       48732     12.53%     25.04% |       48616     12.50%     37.54% |       48508     12.47%     50.01% |       48641     12.51%     62.52% |       48510     12.47%     75.00% |       48513     12.47%     87.47% |       48725     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       388888                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      513710     13.46%     13.46% |      474901     12.44%     25.90% |      489113     12.81%     38.72% |      470355     12.32%     51.04% |      450142     11.79%     62.83% |      479490     12.56%     75.40% |      470844     12.34%     87.73% |      468250     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      3816805                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
