
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.327325                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                327325224500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5555721306500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 834009                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1526160                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              909974176                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5155136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   359.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   300000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     548972410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1278528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1278528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1704576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1704576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        19977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              19977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        26634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             26634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3905987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3905987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5207591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5207591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9113578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9113578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      19977                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     26634                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    19977                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   26634                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1251840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  26688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1696512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1278528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1704576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   417                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  133                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             1593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             1883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            1553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            1782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       39                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 281557132000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                19977                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               26634                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  19558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        12405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   237.674486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.214383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.240937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3975     32.04%     32.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3645     29.38%     61.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2231     17.98%     79.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1373     11.07%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          428      3.45%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          122      0.98%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      0.56%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           71      0.57%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          490      3.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        12405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.629297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.168208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            230     17.19%     17.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             36      2.69%     19.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            23      1.72%     21.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           24      1.79%     23.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          873     65.25%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           87      6.50%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           33      2.47%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      0.82%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      0.45%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      0.37%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.22%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.07%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.07%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.15%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.811659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.465484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     9.969908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1062     79.37%     79.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           32      2.39%     81.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           11      0.82%     82.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.37%     82.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           22      1.64%     84.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           13      0.97%     85.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           45      3.36%     88.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           17      1.27%     90.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           30      2.24%     92.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.52%     92.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            8      0.60%     93.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           14      1.05%     94.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.67%     95.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.37%     95.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.22%     95.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.22%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      1.27%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            8      0.60%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            4      0.30%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.07%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.15%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.07%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.07%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.15%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.07%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            9      0.67%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.07%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.07%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.07%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::94-95            1      0.07%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1321622250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1688372250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  97800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    67567.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               86317.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        3.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        5.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     3.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     5.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   13389                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  20274                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               76.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   6040572.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                84680400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                45008700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              190159620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              90901080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        7773352080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2563961460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           450121440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    19105570080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    11016716640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316408434725                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1357731957315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           244.384461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        278345581250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    373321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1301596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 297912568500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11615703000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1531268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  15499308750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                78918420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                41946135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              190352400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              89183700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        7373221440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2497756530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           405625920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    18502323690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    10178181120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317213324480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1356572366175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           244.175741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        280433340250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    350822750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1364892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 299168677750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  12168259250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1551512250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  16087924250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1252800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1252800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1696320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1696320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        19575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              19575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        26505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             26505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3827386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              3827386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5182369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5182369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9009755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             9009755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      19575                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     26505                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    19575                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   26505                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1236672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  16128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1696704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1252800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1696320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             1611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            1591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            1786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       65                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 284006407500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                19575                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               26505                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  19323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        12020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.041265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.112519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.798358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3752     31.21%     31.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3502     29.13%     60.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2099     17.46%     77.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1435     11.94%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          451      3.75%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          131      1.09%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           76      0.63%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           75      0.62%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          499      4.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        12020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.574228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.903282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            222     16.73%     16.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             28      2.11%     18.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            27      2.03%     20.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           20      1.51%     22.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          865     65.18%     87.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          108      8.14%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           26      1.96%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           16      1.21%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            5      0.38%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            2      0.15%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.15%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.15%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.978146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.454391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.234319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1073     80.86%     80.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           26      1.96%     82.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      0.38%     83.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.38%     83.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           22      1.66%     85.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           13      0.98%     86.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      2.34%     88.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           13      0.98%     89.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           32      2.41%     91.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.45%     92.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           21      1.58%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.38%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.45%     94.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.23%     95.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.38%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.38%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           24      1.81%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.23%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            3      0.23%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.08%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.15%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.08%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.08%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.08%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            3      0.23%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.08%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.15%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            3      0.23%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.08%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.08%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.08%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::92-93            1      0.08%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.15%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            2      0.15%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1270859987                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1633166237                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  96615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    65769.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               84519.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        3.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     3.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   13404                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  20410                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               77.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   6163333.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                84152040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                44727870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              190895040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              91402200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        7589574720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2575844820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           440261760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18892301160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10567618560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316748520875                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1357227224925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           244.293612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        280987858000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    342101500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1271722000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 301193462250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11165523000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1626884000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  15310094250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                74855760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                39786780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              187767720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              88228440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        7142116800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2488531080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           403966080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17917845120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9730900800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317771655170                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1355847304020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           244.045234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        280729595500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    366500250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1314720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 300443134750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11626093750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1586690500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  15344703250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1251776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1251776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1682176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        1682176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        19559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              19559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        26284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             26284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3824258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              3824258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5139158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             5139158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8963416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             8963416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      19559                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     26284                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    19559                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   26284                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               1235648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  16128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                1681792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                1251776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             1682176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             1828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             1655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             1599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             1578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             1767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            1657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            1463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            1481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       78                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 282638719500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                19559                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               26284                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  19307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        11886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.451792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.334129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.181352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3678     30.94%     30.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3446     28.99%     59.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2052     17.26%     77.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1487     12.51%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          467      3.93%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          131      1.10%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.50%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      0.68%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          485      4.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        11886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.719512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.339332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            220     16.77%     16.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             29      2.21%     18.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            24      1.83%     20.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           20      1.52%     22.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          845     64.41%     86.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          114      8.69%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           26      1.98%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           17      1.30%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      0.30%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      0.30%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            1      0.08%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.028963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.515682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.143982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1049     79.95%     79.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           27      2.06%     82.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           10      0.76%     82.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            6      0.46%     83.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           18      1.37%     84.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           20      1.52%     86.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           32      2.44%     88.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.69%     89.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           30      2.29%     91.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.46%     92.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           16      1.22%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39           12      0.91%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            7      0.53%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.53%     95.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.30%     95.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.30%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           25      1.91%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            6      0.46%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.15%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            3      0.23%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            3      0.23%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.15%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.08%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.08%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.15%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.08%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.08%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            3      0.23%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1243737246                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1605743496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  96535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    64418.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               83168.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        3.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        5.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     3.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   13460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  20239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               77.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   6165362.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                82088580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                43631115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              189167160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              90175500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        7491232320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          2469786060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           441735360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18554358990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10461873600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317047229150                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1356872938335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.229842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        279563780750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    340844250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1252144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 300145470250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10977308250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1476798500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  15121512250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                74063220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                39365535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              186789540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              87544620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        7111999440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          2481109110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           402077280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17819961870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9663801600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317872405430                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1355740748895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.026054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        280382645250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    349304500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1300832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 300751839000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11511043250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1630778750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  15135581500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1249984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1249984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1692096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1692096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        19531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              19531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        26439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             26439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3818783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              3818783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5169464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5169464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      8988247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             8988247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      19531                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     26439                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    19531                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   26439                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               1233472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  16512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                1691392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                1249984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             1692096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            1229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             1659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             1583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             1554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             1631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             1686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             1712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            1577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            1647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            1760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            1460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       74                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 280635731500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                19531                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               26439                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  19273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  1592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  1683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        11885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.102482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.878649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.225020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3738     31.45%     31.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3382     28.46%     59.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1985     16.70%     76.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1541     12.97%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          468      3.94%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          134      1.13%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           61      0.51%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      0.65%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          499      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        11885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.574887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.155337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            225     17.02%     17.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             25      1.89%     18.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            29      2.19%     21.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      1.13%     22.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          873     66.04%     88.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           95      7.19%     95.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           29      2.19%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           13      0.98%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            6      0.45%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      0.30%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            4      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.990923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.490439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.157190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1085     82.07%     82.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           17      1.29%     83.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           37      2.80%     86.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           46      3.48%     89.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           47      3.56%     93.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           16      1.21%     94.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            9      0.68%     95.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            8      0.61%     95.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           28      2.12%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            7      0.53%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            4      0.30%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.15%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            3      0.23%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.08%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.08%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            3      0.23%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            3      0.23%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1257828750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1619197500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  96365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    65263.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               84013.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        3.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     3.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   13508                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  20309                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                70.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               76.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   6104758.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                81760140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                43456545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              190323840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              91010700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        7427309760.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          2460237420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           455440800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18291968610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10355118720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317250690605                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1356648945090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.189525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        277512392000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    363408500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1250094000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298234758250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11044502500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1520768500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14913016750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                73342080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                38982240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              187089420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              87816060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        7108926240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          2504269920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           401649120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17631049620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9660595200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1317987347475                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1355682932955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.015648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        252326811000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    352550750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1312052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 301108741750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11768929000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1671637250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14786881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1248576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           1248576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1682880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        1682880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        19509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              19509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        26295                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             26295                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      3814481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              3814481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4      5141309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             5141309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      8955790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             8955790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      19509                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     26295                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    19509                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   26295                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               1233024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  15552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                1682432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                1248576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             1682880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   243                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            1279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             1821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             1655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             1599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             1586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             1586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             1772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             1708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            1764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            1463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            1477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                      112                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 284372862500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                19509                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               26295                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  19266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  1393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  1491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  1433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  1495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  1474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  1559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  1656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  1400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  1384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  1368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  1355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  1326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  1314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        11559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.223895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.684655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   232.420009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3580     30.97%     30.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3213     27.80%     58.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1899     16.43%     75.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1505     13.02%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639          569      4.92%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          146      1.26%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      0.67%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           82      0.71%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          488      4.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        11559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.787414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.316978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            210     16.12%     16.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             31      2.38%     18.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            24      1.84%     20.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           18      1.38%     21.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          850     65.23%     86.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          104      7.98%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           36      2.76%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      0.84%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            4      0.31%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            4      0.31%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            2      0.15%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.08%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.23%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.174981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.552914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.567345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1054     80.89%     80.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           20      1.53%     82.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            7      0.54%     82.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.54%     83.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           19      1.46%     84.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           10      0.77%     85.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           31      2.38%     88.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           15      1.15%     89.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           23      1.77%     91.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.61%     91.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           20      1.53%     93.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            7      0.54%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            8      0.61%     94.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.31%     94.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.23%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.08%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           25      1.92%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.31%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            6      0.46%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            5      0.38%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.15%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.15%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.15%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.31%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.08%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.08%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.08%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            2      0.15%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            2      0.15%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.08%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::84-85            1      0.08%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.15%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  1251039499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             1612276999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  96330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    64935.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               83685.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        3.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        5.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     3.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     5.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   13600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  20395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                70.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               77.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                   6208472.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   74.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                80267880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                42663390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              189424200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy              90243360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        7383670320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          2517610770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           455228640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18210289890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10230185760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317328532460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          1356529922490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.168101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        281168995500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    381857750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1214730000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 302504733000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10650051500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1613172250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14543374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                72813720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                38701410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              186810960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy              87544620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        7045618320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          2451811110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           402969120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17443753320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9642933120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318105725735                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          1355479809825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           243.979087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        252473142250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    350773750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1276016000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 301958616000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11550272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1556621750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14301371250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           1249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1689088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        1689088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        19517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              19517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        26392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             26392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      3816046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              3816046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5      5160274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             5160274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      8976320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             8976320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      19517                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     26392                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    19517                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   26392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               1235392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  13696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                1689088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                1249088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             1689088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            1236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            1285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             1821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             1660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             1572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             1615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             1631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             1681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             1720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            1587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            1837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            1438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            1479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       69                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 282827099500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                19517                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               26392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  19303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  1416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  1486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  1519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  1487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  1444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  1537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  1507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  1595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  1680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  1407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  1401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  1390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  1365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  1344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  1334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        11642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.200825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.406745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.831919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3605     30.97%     30.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3236     27.80%     58.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1950     16.75%     75.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1456     12.51%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639          636      5.46%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          126      1.08%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      0.59%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           78      0.67%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          486      4.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        11642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.718750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.998342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            216     16.46%     16.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             26      1.98%     18.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            21      1.60%     20.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           21      1.60%     21.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          861     65.62%     87.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          107      8.16%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           32      2.44%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      0.61%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            9      0.69%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            3      0.23%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.23%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            1      0.08%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.23%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.115854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.523318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.514207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1083     82.55%     82.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           15      1.14%     83.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           26      1.98%     85.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           47      3.58%     89.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           34      2.59%     91.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           27      2.06%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           13      0.99%     94.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            5      0.38%     95.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           31      2.36%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            6      0.46%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.15%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            6      0.46%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.30%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            2      0.15%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.15%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.15%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  1259079500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             1621010750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  96515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    65227.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               83977.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        3.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        5.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     3.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     5.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   13730                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  20323                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                71.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               77.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                   6160602.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   74.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                82759740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                43987845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              190323840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy              90817560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        7541018160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          2502663660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           453471840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18563968050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10534314240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1316996526405                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          1357001212770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.252931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        279688542250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    377972750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1256652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 299376556000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11328687750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1503932500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14485180500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                72256800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                38405400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              186746700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy              87393240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        7047462240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          2514723150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           413683200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17315920560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9714967200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318084515390                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          1355477668560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           243.978701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        280674223250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    389198500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1284256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 301976971000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11786714250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1684081750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13907420500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1249536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           1249536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1672000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        1672000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        19524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              19524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        26125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             26125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      3817414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              3817414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6      5108070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             5108070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      8925484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             8925484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      19524                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     26125                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    19524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   26125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               1237888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  11648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                1671744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                1249536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             1672000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            1187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            1230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             1820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             1583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             1534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             1583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             1580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             1666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             1754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             1725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            1750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            1822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            1435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            1465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       65                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 281809231500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                19524                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               26125                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  19342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  1501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  1426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  1526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  1654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  1443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  1381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  1384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  1351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  1328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  1312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        11528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.402498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.172973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   232.553479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3665     31.79%     31.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3078     26.70%     58.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1927     16.72%     75.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1420     12.32%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639          681      5.91%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          133      1.15%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      0.49%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      0.67%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          490      4.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        11528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.903698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.503569                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            218     16.80%     16.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             22      1.69%     18.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            27      2.08%     20.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           15      1.16%     21.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          850     65.49%     87.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          100      7.70%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           29      2.23%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      0.85%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            7      0.54%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            5      0.39%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.23%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            4      0.31%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            1      0.08%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.08%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.15%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         1298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.124037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.514804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.733254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1069     82.36%     82.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           19      1.46%     83.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           26      2.00%     85.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           51      3.93%     89.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           35      2.70%     92.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-39           19      1.46%     93.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-43           11      0.85%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            9      0.69%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-51           29      2.23%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.23%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            3      0.23%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.23%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            2      0.15%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.23%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            5      0.39%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.08%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.08%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.15%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.08%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         1298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  1271106750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             1633769250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  96710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    65717.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               84467.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        3.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        5.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     3.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     5.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   13803                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  20133                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                71.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               77.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                   6173393.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   74.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                80960460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                43031505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              189017220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy              89784000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        7540403520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          2511123600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           459583200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18206229210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10657208640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317131992365                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          1356911442930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.236773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        278634319250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    386511750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1273478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298143481250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11540475750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1530468500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14451525750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                71542800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                38025900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              186096960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy              86756400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        6871060560.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          2416009410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           391474560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17026153080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9412621440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318450813905                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          1354951683675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           243.884027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        252139220500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    346437250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1228922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 302729812750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11113590500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1631365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13639475750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1250624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           1250624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1679808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        1679808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        19541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              19541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        26247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             26247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      3820738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              3820738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7      5131923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             5131923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      8952662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             8952662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      19541                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     26247                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    19541                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   26247                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               1237312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  13312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                1680128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                1250624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             1679808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             1108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            1285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             1658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             1563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             1622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             1625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             1691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             1746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             1705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            1581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            1638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            1752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            1822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            1476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       69                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 280633715500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                19541                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               26247                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  19333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  1395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  1495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  1444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  1521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  1496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  1557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  1404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  1404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  1359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  1341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  1323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        11660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.214751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.672119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   231.687980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3694     31.68%     31.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3235     27.74%     59.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1868     16.02%     75.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1398     11.99%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639          702      6.02%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          128      1.10%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895           76      0.65%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           79      0.68%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          480      4.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        11660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.851880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.233460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            213     16.35%     16.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4-7             28      2.15%     18.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            22      1.69%     20.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           18      1.38%     21.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          843     64.70%     86.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          119      9.13%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           28      2.15%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      0.84%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-35            9      0.69%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::36-39            1      0.08%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-43            3      0.23%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            2      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.147352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.520967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.824813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         1053     80.81%     80.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           20      1.53%     82.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.46%     82.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           11      0.84%     83.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           19      1.46%     85.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           14      1.07%     86.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           28      2.15%     88.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           14      1.07%     89.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           28      2.15%     91.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.69%     92.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           17      1.30%     93.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            5      0.38%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.77%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.38%     95.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.23%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.08%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           25      1.92%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.31%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.15%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.15%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            3      0.23%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.15%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.08%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.15%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.23%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.15%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.08%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::74-75            1      0.08%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::78-79            1      0.08%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.08%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::86-87            1      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      0.15%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.08%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::106-107            2      0.15%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::110-111            1      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::120-121            1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::126-127            1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         1303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  1275809750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             1638303500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  96665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    65991.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               84741.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        3.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        5.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     3.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     5.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   13841                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  20085                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                71.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               76.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                   6128979.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   74.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                81153240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                43133970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              189838320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy              90483480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        7462344240.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          2502658530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           439209120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18093564150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    10469907840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    1317311502225                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          1356685403775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.196087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        277429120250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    383596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1260962000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 298444089250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11405725500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1574252750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14256686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                72363900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                38462325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              186618180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy              87043500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        6881509440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          2388838080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           392158080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    16815155610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy     9529446240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1318529318340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          1354922349105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           243.878747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        280910045250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    347355500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1232258000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 302895060750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11439780500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1512452500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13260370750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   41708506                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   21209122                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        26634                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         7030                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  213857605                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16644                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 54                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           27                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    578351409.407407                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1046516907.416531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           27    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       105501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3209841000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             27                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   316279197445                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  15615488054                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       654650449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  157610288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    276301226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            258660313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              21907021                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3167704                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     16997433                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   258660313                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     21907021                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          530422015                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         210305972                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            45842239                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           21091075                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           165194395                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           96318068                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     62662423                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   41492348                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  21170075                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              31230976.107905                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              623419472.892095                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.952294                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.047706                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         22146054                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1162862      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                193589441     70.06%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  160463      0.06%     70.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    80880      0.03%     70.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               18656577      6.75%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                39771110     14.39%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20861353      7.55%     99.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            1721184      0.62%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            308722      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 276312592                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               10739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1449                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1449                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        14672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        11754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        40896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   43794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        29344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         6124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        47793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    53589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              9532500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy             11535489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7176500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             6410612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2175231                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            30922500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1109                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      4726784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1269                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                8439169                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.522807                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.979722                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7887973     93.47%     93.47% |      551113      6.53%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  8439169                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    276911578                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000874                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000606                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.029550                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   276669567     99.91%     99.91% |      242011      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    276911578                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      276911578                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.239427                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.020033                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.370112                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   276888903     99.99%     99.99% |        4184      0.00%     99.99% |        4957      0.00%    100.00% |        1724      0.00%    100.00% |       11051      0.00%    100.00% |         638      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        276911578                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    275141925                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   275141925    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    275141925                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1769653                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.465030                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.281506                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   111.103334                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1746978     98.72%     98.72% |        4184      0.24%     98.96% |        4957      0.28%     99.24% |        1724      0.10%     99.33% |       11051      0.62%     99.96% |         638      0.04%     99.99% |         115      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1769653                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5672.088872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.044825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.000021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5449.779359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.016035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.441162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5684.712424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.014282                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.307841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5530.701406                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.014408                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.089363                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5298.594209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.014431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.089393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5739.305107                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.014420                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.453233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5711.202138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.014481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.089414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5705.935058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.014634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.149044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     61901462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1169154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     63070616                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    213240463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       600499                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    213840962                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.423281                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.013198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           64                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.optionalQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed      1652128                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams      1650328                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested      1650328                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3803.018349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            40                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000061                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4541.408921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       212249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        40573                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       252822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   962.037696                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.042543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4547.678858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       189019                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        33309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       222328                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000982                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   960.732531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000654                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4529.052323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       187255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        33864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       221119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000973                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   965.425057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.019464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000635                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4601.374522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       181292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        33485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       214777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000946                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   965.571015                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.018841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4570.941944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       177814                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        32655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       210469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000930                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   964.650460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4524.444394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       187344                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        33057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       220401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   967.579420                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4517.031442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       183078                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        33088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       216166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000953                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   964.738191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.428555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4570.555306                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       177455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        34116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       211571                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   964.654007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.023089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.005226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3303.018349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.008594                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2027.552375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000006                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1510.730057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.019760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      1769653                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2       120382                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1769653                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1654272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1169040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       551035                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1100732                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     14157224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       963056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    127415016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13234176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9352320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39674520                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        25344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8805856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4041.408918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.042543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3123.925954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1462.039248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.152470                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       272688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21287                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       269616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       251987                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       173174                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76588                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155266                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2181504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       170296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19412352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2015896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1385392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5514336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1242128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4047.678858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2892.932997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000665                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1460.735078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.137152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       241903                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14073                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       245672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       228312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144484                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67868                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       140712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      1935224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       112584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17688384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1826496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1155872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4886496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1125696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000654                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4029.052323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.019464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3145.973501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1465.429534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.136728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       240678                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       243643                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226290                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147345                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137838                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1925424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       117088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17542296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1810320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1178760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4965336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1102704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000635                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4101.374522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.018841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3007.509263                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1465.573271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.133579                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       234308                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14268                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       237779                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       220393                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142685                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132644                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1874464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17120088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1763144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1141480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4907880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1061152                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4070.941944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2763.777319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000630                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1464.654090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.131052                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       229978                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13469                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       234113                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       216730                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138291                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66103                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       131206                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1839824                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16856136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1733840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1106328                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4759416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1049648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4024.444394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3199.683489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1467.581901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.136445                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       239918                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13857                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       243756                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226341                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141139                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137981                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1919344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17550432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1810728                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1129112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4958280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1103848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4017.031442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.428555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3170.498165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1464.741261                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.133505                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       235690                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       239239                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       221788                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137850                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66363                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       136226                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1885520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110976                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17225208                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1774304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1102800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4778136                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1089808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4070.555306                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.023089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3098.115731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1464.657013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.131847                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       231112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       233773                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       216422                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       128859                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1848896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       119360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16831656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1731376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1152576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4904640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1030872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5172.088875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.000021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.047685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.015246                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        19866                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37860                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19814                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9591                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       158928                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2725920                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       158512                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76728                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4949.779359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.441162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.016234                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.014937                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        19575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        37078                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19405                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       156600                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2669616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       155240                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5184.712424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.307841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.016054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.014842                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        19559                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36829                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19170                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       156472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2651688                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       153360                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5030.701403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.089363                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.014652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.014889                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        19531                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36956                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19283                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       156248                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2660832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154264                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4798.594209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.089393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.014793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.014824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36790                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19111                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2648880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152888                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5239.305110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.453233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.014654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.014864                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36895                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19192                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2656440                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       153536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5211.202138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.089414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.422069                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.014765                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        19524                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36637                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18903                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       156192                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2637864                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151224                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5205.935058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.149044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.014715                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.014821                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        19541                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36777                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19113                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       156328                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2647944                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152904                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.005778                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74215                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.005226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2527.552375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2010.730057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3623.925951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000737                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1962.039248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3392.932997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000665                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1960.735078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3645.973501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1965.429534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3507.509266                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1965.573270                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3263.777319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000630                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1964.654090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3699.683486                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1967.581901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3670.498162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1964.741261                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3598.115731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1964.657012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.047685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.016234                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.016054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.014652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.014793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.014654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.422069                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.014715                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.005047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2952.755158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3541.408915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.042543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3547.678858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.020627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000654                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3529.052323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.019464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000635                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3601.374522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.018841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3570.941944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.020454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3524.444394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3517.031442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.428555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3570.555306                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.023089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4672.088878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.000021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4449.779359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.441162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4684.712424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  3000.307841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4530.701400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.089363                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4298.594209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.089393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4739.305113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.453233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4711.202138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.089414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000044                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4705.935058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.149044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.005047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2452.755158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3041.408912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.042543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3047.678858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.020627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000654                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3029.052323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.019464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000635                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3101.374522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.018841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3070.941944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.020454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3024.444394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.020988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3017.031442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.428555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3070.555306                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.023089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4172.088881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.000021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  3949.779359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.441162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4184.712424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2500.307841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4030.701397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.089363                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  3798.594209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.089393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4239.305116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.453233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  4211.202138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.089414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4205.935058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.149044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.084504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      1926275                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2       120382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1947950                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1808263                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1169040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       551035                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1174947                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     15410200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       963056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    140252400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14466104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9352320                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39674520                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        25344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9399576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         5778825                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       361146                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      5961375                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      8931909                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      1654161                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3746409                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         46230600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2889168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    429219000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     71455272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    119099592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     29971272                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5555721306500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.351792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       120382                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1769653                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1651767                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       963056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    127415016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13214136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.687727                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1769653                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2505                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1169040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       551035                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1100732                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     14157224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9352320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     39674520                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        25344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8805856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.112349                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       252822                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19866                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19284                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       173174                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76588                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155266                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2022576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1430352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1385392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5514336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1242128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.192592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19866                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21287                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       249750                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       232703                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       158928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       170296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17982000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1861624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.100322                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       222328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19575                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144484                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67868                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       140712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1778624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1409400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1155872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4886496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1125696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.173981                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19575                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14073                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       226097                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       209416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       112584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16278984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1675328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.100951                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       221119                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147345                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137838                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1768952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1408248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1178760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4965336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1102704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.172504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       224084                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       207642                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       117088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16134048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1661136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.099156                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       214777                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19531                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142685                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132644                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1718216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       150112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1141480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4907880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1061152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.168003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19531                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14268                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       218248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       201629                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15713856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1613032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.096938                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       210469                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18615                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138291                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66103                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       131206                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1683752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1106328                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4759416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1049648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.165167                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13469                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       214604                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       198115                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15451488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1584920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.100342                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       220401                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18697                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141139                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137981                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1763208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1129112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4958280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1103848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.172548                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13857                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       224239                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       207644                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16145208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1661152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.097896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       216166                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19524                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18414                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137850                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66363                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       136226                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1729328                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405728                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1102800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4778136                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1089808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.169114                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19524                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       219715                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       203374                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156192                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       110976                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15819480                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1626992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.098694                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       211571                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19541                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18615                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       128859                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1692568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1152576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4904640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1030872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.165001                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19541                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       214232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       197807                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       119360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15424704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1582456                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014437                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19866                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17635                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          849                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9591                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       158928                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1269720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76728                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016056                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20225                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18965                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1456200                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014295                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17503                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          836                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156600                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1260216                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6688                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015579                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18569                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1409400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148552                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014134                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19559                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17270                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          841                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1243440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6728                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015550                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19559                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18329                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1408248                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146632                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014237                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19531                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17425                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          820                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156248                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1254600                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19531                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18463                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147704                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014135                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17281                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          806                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1244232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18305                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014202                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17378                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          798                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1251216                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015526                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18394                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405224                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147152                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014020                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19524                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17113                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          785                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156192                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1232136                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6280                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015509                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19524                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18118                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405728                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       144944                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014109                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19541                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17236                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          828                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       156328                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240992                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015534                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19541                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18285                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406952                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146280                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005888                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005668                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        74215                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       593720                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     1.271007                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       120382                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1652128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1651767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       963056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    118953216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13214136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.112349                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       252822                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19866                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19284                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       173174                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        76588                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155266                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      2022576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1430352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154272                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1385392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5514336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        18792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1242128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.100322                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       222328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19575                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144484                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        67868                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       140712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      1778624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1409400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151168                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1155872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4886496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1125696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.100951                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       221119                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19559                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       147345                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68963                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137838                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1768952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1408248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1178760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4965336                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1102704                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.099156                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       214777                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19531                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18764                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       142685                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68165                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132644                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1718216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       150112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1141480                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4907880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1061152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.096938                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       210469                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18615                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       138291                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66103                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       131206                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1683752                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1106328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4759416                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1049648                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.100342                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       220401                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18697                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       141139                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137981                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1763208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405224                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1129112                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4958280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1103848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.097896                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       216166                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19524                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18414                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       137850                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        66363                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       136226                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1729328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1405728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       147312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1102800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4778136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1089808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.098694                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       211571                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18615                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       144072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        68120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       128859                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1692568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1406952                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       148920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1152576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4904640                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1030872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.014437                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        19866                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17635                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1          849                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9591                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       158928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1269720                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        76728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.014295                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        19575                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17503                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1          836                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       156600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1260216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.014134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        19559                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17270                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1          841                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       156472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1243440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.014237                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        19531                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17425                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1          820                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       156248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1254600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.014135                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        19509                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17281                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1          806                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       156072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1244232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.014202                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        19517                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17378                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1          798                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       156136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1251216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.014020                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        19524                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17113                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1          785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       156192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1232136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.014109                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        19541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17236                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1          828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       156328                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1240992                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.005888                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        73856                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       590848                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4590460                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.960488                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.601103                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     4039405     88.00%     88.00% |      551026     12.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4590460                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3728327                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000798                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.154987                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3728186    100.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3728327                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        120382                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      120382    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          120382                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     37836551                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.556011                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.051884                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.130823                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    37830200     99.98%     99.98% |        1448      0.00%     99.99% |        1434      0.00%     99.99% |         354      0.00%     99.99% |        2948      0.01%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      37836551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37218838                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37218838    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37218838                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       617713                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.057169                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.160423                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    97.057453                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      611362     98.97%     98.97% |        1448      0.23%     99.21% |        1434      0.23%     99.44% |         354      0.06%     99.50% |        2948      0.48%     99.97% |         156      0.03%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       617713                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21170167                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.519661                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.083502                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.576739                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21155728     99.93%     99.93% |        2619      0.01%     99.94% |        3472      0.02%     99.96% |        1366      0.01%     99.97% |        6480      0.03%    100.00% |         404      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21170167                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     20674661                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20674661    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     20674661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       495506                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.926493                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.766715                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   161.432510                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      481067     97.09%     97.09% |        2619      0.53%     97.61% |        3472      0.70%     98.32% |        1366      0.28%     98.59% |        6480      1.31%     99.90% |         404      0.08%     99.98% |          92      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       495506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    213840962                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.056171                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.008049                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.570348                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   213839109    100.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |        1594      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    213840962                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    213240463                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   213240463    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    213240463                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       600499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.002899                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.373645                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.346149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      598646     99.69%     99.69% |         116      0.02%     99.71% |          51      0.01%     99.72% |           3      0.00%     99.72% |        1594      0.27%     99.99% |          77      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       600499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      4016462                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.263456                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.041454                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.988046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     4016430    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      4016462                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3961648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3961648    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3961648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        54814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.304594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.614016                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.245812                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       54782     99.94%     99.94% |           1      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.00%     99.95% |          29      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        54814                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.893667                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.151819                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.015055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       22597     95.27%     95.27% |           0      0.00%     95.27% |           0      0.00%     95.27% |           0      0.00%     95.27% |          51      0.22%     95.49% |        1070      4.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22597    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.908118                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.895919                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.667843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          51      4.55%      4.55% |        1070     95.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23718    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23718    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        23718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       19866     12.68%     12.68% |       19575     12.50%     25.18% |       19559     12.49%     37.67% |       19531     12.47%     50.14% |       19509     12.46%     62.60% |       19517     12.46%     75.06% |       19524     12.47%     87.52% |       19541     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       156622                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       17635     12.70%     12.70% |       17503     12.61%     25.31% |       17270     12.44%     37.75% |       17425     12.55%     50.30% |       17281     12.45%     62.74% |       17378     12.52%     75.26% |       17113     12.33%     87.59% |       17236     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       138841                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       19977     12.75%     12.75% |       19575     12.49%     25.24% |       19559     12.48%     37.71% |       19531     12.46%     50.18% |       19509     12.45%     62.62% |       19517     12.45%     75.08% |       19524     12.46%     87.53% |       19541     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       156733                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       26634     12.63%     12.63% |       26505     12.57%     25.19% |       26284     12.46%     37.66% |       26439     12.54%     50.19% |       26295     12.47%     62.66% |       26392     12.51%     75.17% |       26125     12.39%     87.56% |       26247     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       210921                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          359                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        9232     12.50%     12.50% |        9232     12.50%     25.00% |        9232     12.50%     37.50% |        9232     12.50%     50.00% |        9232     12.50%     62.50% |        9232     12.50%     75.00% |        9232     12.50%     87.50% |        9232     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        73856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         849     12.94%     12.94% |         836     12.74%     25.67% |         841     12.81%     38.49% |         820     12.49%     50.98% |         806     12.28%     63.26% |         798     12.16%     75.42% |         785     11.96%     87.38% |         828     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         6563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       19866     12.68%     12.68% |       19575     12.50%     25.18% |       19559     12.49%     37.67% |       19531     12.47%     50.14% |       19509     12.46%     62.60% |       19517     12.46%     75.06% |       19524     12.47%     87.52% |       19541     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       156622                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |         111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total          111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        8999     12.48%     12.48% |        9002     12.49%     24.97% |        9014     12.51%     37.48% |        9014     12.51%     49.98% |        9014     12.51%     62.49% |        9014     12.51%     75.00% |        9012     12.50%     87.50% |        9011     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        72080                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |         111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total          111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        8999     12.48%     12.48% |        9002     12.49%     24.97% |        9014     12.51%     37.48% |        9014     12.51%     49.98% |        9014     12.51%     62.49% |        9014     12.51%     75.00% |        9012     12.50%     87.50% |        9011     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        72080                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       17154     12.54%     12.54% |       17273     12.62%     25.16% |       17052     12.46%     37.63% |       17207     12.58%     50.20% |       17063     12.47%     62.67% |       17160     12.54%     75.22% |       16893     12.35%     87.56% |       17015     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       136817                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         233     13.12%     13.12% |         230     12.95%     26.07% |         218     12.27%     38.34% |         218     12.27%     50.62% |         218     12.27%     62.89% |         218     12.27%     75.17% |         220     12.39%     87.56% |         221     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1776                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         849     12.94%     12.94% |         836     12.74%     25.67% |         841     12.81%     38.49% |         820     12.49%     50.98% |         806     12.28%     63.26% |         798     12.16%     75.42% |         785     11.96%     87.38% |         828     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         6563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       19866     12.68%     12.68% |       19575     12.50%     25.18% |       19559     12.49%     37.67% |       19531     12.47%     50.14% |       19509     12.46%     62.60% |       19517     12.46%     75.06% |       19524     12.47%     87.52% |       19541     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       156622                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       17154     12.54%     12.54% |       17273     12.62%     25.16% |       17052     12.46%     37.63% |       17207     12.58%     50.20% |       17063     12.47%     62.67% |       17160     12.54%     75.22% |       16893     12.35%     87.56% |       17015     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       136817                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         233     13.12%     13.12% |         230     12.95%     26.07% |         218     12.27%     38.34% |         218     12.27%     50.62% |         218     12.27%     62.89% |         218     12.27%     75.17% |         220     12.39%     87.56% |         221     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1776                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         233     13.12%     13.12% |         230     12.95%     26.07% |         218     12.27%     38.34% |         218     12.27%     50.62% |         218     12.27%     62.89% |         218     12.27%     75.17% |         220     12.39%     87.56% |         221     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1776                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          359                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            359                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          359                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        73856                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          359                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       73856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        73856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    37836579    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     37836579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   213840998    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    213840998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    25234065    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25234065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2857    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         2857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1652021    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1652021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      117525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       117525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      617599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       617599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1152054    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1152054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1651767    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1651767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load   |      617085    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Load::total       617085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch |      599466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Ifetch::total       599466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store  |      433777    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.PF_Store::total       433777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      617646    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       617646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      600499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       600499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      433877    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       433877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        2497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         2497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          67    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          39    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         254    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    15620079    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     15620079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   213240463    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    213240463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      117525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       117525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1100732    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1100732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    21598759    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     21598759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    24682624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24682624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         352    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      551035    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       551035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Load::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch |          36    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ifetch::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      617599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       617599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      600613    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       600613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack |     1100732    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.WB_Ack::total      1100732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load |      617085    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Load::total       617085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch |      599466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.PF_Ifetch::total       599466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      551441    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       551441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store |      433777    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.PF_Store::total       433777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX |      117525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Fwd_GETX::total       117525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      551035    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       551035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       79648     13.26%     13.26% |       77843     12.96%     26.23% |       73698     12.27%     38.50% |       72064     12.00%     50.50% |       72177     12.02%     62.52% |       79261     13.20%     75.72% |       78310     13.04%     88.76% |       67498     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       600499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       96316     15.59%     15.59% |       76594     12.40%     27.99% |       78437     12.70%     40.69% |       74531     12.07%     52.76% |       72168     11.68%     64.44% |       72255     11.70%     76.14% |       71475     11.57%     87.71% |       75937     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       617713                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       76858     13.94%     13.94% |       67891     12.31%     26.25% |       68984     12.51%     38.76% |       68182     12.36%     51.12% |       66124     11.99%     63.11% |       68885     12.49%     75.61% |       66381     12.04%     87.64% |       68136     12.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       551441                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      231854     14.04%     14.04% |      208580     12.63%     26.66% |      206801     12.52%     39.18% |      200809     12.16%     51.34% |      197309     11.95%     63.29% |      206846     12.52%     75.81% |      202589     12.26%     88.07% |      196979     11.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1651767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17154     12.54%     12.54% |       17273     12.62%     25.16% |       17052     12.46%     37.63% |       17207     12.58%     50.20% |       17063     12.47%     62.67% |       17160     12.54%     75.22% |       16893     12.35%     87.56% |       17015     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       136817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |         849     12.94%     12.94% |         836     12.74%     25.67% |         841     12.81%     38.49% |         820     12.49%     50.98% |         806     12.28%     63.26% |         798     12.16%     75.42% |         785     11.96%     87.38% |         828     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       19866     12.68%     12.68% |       19575     12.50%     25.18% |       19559     12.49%     37.67% |       19531     12.47%     50.14% |       19509     12.46%     62.60% |       19517     12.46%     75.06% |       19524     12.47%     87.52% |       19541     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       156622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       18484     12.71%     12.71% |       18339     12.61%     25.32% |       18111     12.46%     37.78% |       18245     12.55%     50.33% |       18087     12.44%     62.77% |       18176     12.50%     75.27% |       17898     12.31%     87.58% |       18064     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       145404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         261     74.15%     74.15% |          12      3.41%     77.56% |          12      3.41%     80.97% |          13      3.69%     84.66% |          13      3.69%     88.35% |          14      3.98%     92.33% |          12      3.41%     95.74% |          15      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         319     12.73%     12.73% |         327     13.05%     25.79% |         319     12.73%     38.52% |         301     12.02%     50.54% |         310     12.38%     62.91% |         303     12.10%     75.01% |         296     11.82%     86.83% |         330     13.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         2505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |      173174     14.81%     14.81% |      144484     12.36%     27.17% |      147345     12.60%     39.78% |      142685     12.21%     51.98% |      138291     11.83%     63.81% |      141139     12.07%     75.88% |      137850     11.79%     87.68% |      144072     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total      1169040                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         962     23.76%     23.76% |         460     11.36%     35.13% |         436     10.77%     45.90% |         436     10.77%     56.67% |         436     10.77%     67.44% |         436     10.77%     78.21% |         440     10.87%     89.08% |         442     10.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         4048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         541     12.37%     12.37% |         552     12.63%     25.00% |         568     12.99%     37.99% |         532     12.17%     50.16% |         527     12.05%     62.21% |         540     12.35%     74.57% |         556     12.72%     87.28% |         556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         4372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        6090     12.97%     12.97% |        5784     12.32%     25.29% |        5827     12.41%     37.70% |        5960     12.69%     50.40% |        5779     12.31%     62.71% |        5937     12.65%     75.35% |        5870     12.50%     87.85% |        5703     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        46950                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       13235     12.57%     12.57% |       13239     12.57%     25.14% |       13164     12.50%     37.64% |       13039     12.38%     50.03% |       13203     12.54%     62.56% |       13040     12.38%     74.95% |       13098     12.44%     87.39% |       13282     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       105300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       79105     13.27%     13.27% |       77291     12.97%     26.24% |       73127     12.27%     38.50% |       71532     12.00%     50.50% |       71649     12.02%     62.52% |       78719     13.21%     75.73% |       77752     13.04%     88.77% |       66942     11.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       596117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.88%      0.88% |          76     66.67%     67.54% |          28     24.56%     92.11% |           1      0.88%     92.98% |           1      0.88%     93.86% |           6      5.26%     99.12% |           1      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |       79648     13.26%     13.26% |       77844     12.96%     26.22% |       73775     12.28%     38.51% |       72092     12.00%     50.51% |       72178     12.02%     62.53% |       79262     13.20%     75.72% |       78316     13.04%     88.76% |       67499     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total       600614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         319     12.78%     12.78% |         326     13.06%     25.83% |         318     12.74%     38.57% |         300     12.01%     50.58% |         309     12.37%     62.96% |         302     12.09%     75.05% |         295     11.81%     86.86% |         328     13.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       90226     15.81%     15.81% |       70809     12.41%     28.22% |       72534     12.71%     40.93% |       68543     12.01%     52.94% |       66388     11.63%     64.58% |       66317     11.62%     76.20% |       65599     11.50%     87.69% |       70233     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       570649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       42916     13.06%     13.06% |       40918     12.45%     25.51% |       41515     12.63%     38.14% |       41189     12.53%     50.68% |       39775     12.10%     62.78% |       42305     12.87%     75.66% |       39719     12.09%     87.74% |       40279     12.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       328616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17154     12.54%     12.54% |       17273     12.62%     25.16% |       17052     12.46%     37.63% |       17207     12.58%     50.20% |       17063     12.47%     62.67% |       17160     12.54%     75.22% |       16893     12.35%     87.56% |       17015     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       136817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         530     13.03%     13.03% |         510     12.54%     25.58% |         523     12.86%     38.44% |         520     12.79%     51.23% |         497     12.22%     63.45% |         496     12.20%     75.65% |         490     12.05%     87.70% |         500     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total         4066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         220     13.22%     13.22% |         217     13.04%     26.26% |         205     12.32%     38.58% |         204     12.26%     50.84% |         204     12.26%     63.10% |         203     12.20%     75.30% |         207     12.44%     87.74% |         204     12.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |       20707     17.62%     17.62% |       13734     11.69%     29.31% |       14305     12.17%     41.48% |       13954     11.87%     53.35% |       13146     11.19%     64.54% |       13540     11.52%     76.06% |       13564     11.54%     87.60% |       14575     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       117525                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      152206     14.48%     14.48% |      130736     12.44%     26.92% |      133026     12.66%     39.57% |      128717     12.25%     51.82% |      125131     11.90%     63.72% |      127584     12.14%     75.86% |      124273     11.82%     87.68% |      129480     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1051153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         261     72.50%     72.50% |          13      3.61%     76.11% |          13      3.61%     79.72% |          14      3.89%     83.61% |          14      3.89%     87.50% |          15      4.17%     91.67% |          13      3.61%     95.28% |          17      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          360                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       18484     12.71%     12.71% |       18339     12.61%     25.32% |       18111     12.46%     37.78% |       18245     12.55%     50.33% |       18087     12.44%     62.77% |       18176     12.50%     75.27% |       17898     12.31%     87.58% |       18064     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       145404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         220     13.22%     13.22% |         217     13.04%     26.26% |         205     12.32%     38.58% |         204     12.26%     50.84% |         204     12.26%     63.10% |         203     12.20%     75.30% |         207     12.44%     87.74% |         204     12.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         261     74.15%     74.15% |          12      3.41%     77.56% |          12      3.41%     80.97% |          13      3.69%     84.66% |          13      3.69%     88.35% |          14      3.98%     92.33% |          12      3.41%     95.74% |          15      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         261     72.50%     72.50% |          13      3.61%     76.11% |          13      3.61%     79.72% |          14      3.89%     83.61% |          14      3.89%     87.50% |          15      4.17%     91.67% |          13      3.61%     95.28% |          17      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          360                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         319     12.78%     12.78% |         326     13.06%     25.83% |         318     12.74%     38.57% |         300     12.01%     50.58% |         309     12.37%     62.96% |         302     12.09%     75.05% |         295     11.81%     86.86% |         328     13.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         2497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        6090     12.97%     12.97% |        5784     12.32%     25.29% |        5827     12.41%     37.70% |        5960     12.69%     50.40% |        5779     12.31%     62.71% |        5937     12.65%     75.35% |        5870     12.50%     87.85% |        5703     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        46950                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         541     12.37%     12.37% |         552     12.63%     25.00% |         568     12.99%     37.99% |         532     12.17%     50.16% |         527     12.05%     62.21% |         540     12.35%     74.57% |         556     12.72%     87.28% |         556     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         4372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       13235     12.57%     12.57% |       13239     12.57%     25.14% |       13164     12.50%     37.64% |       13039     12.38%     50.03% |       13203     12.54%     62.56% |       13040     12.38%     74.95% |       13098     12.44%     87.39% |       13282     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       105300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock |      173174     14.81%     14.81% |      144484     12.36%     27.17% |      147345     12.60%     39.78% |      142685     12.21%     51.98% |      138291     11.83%     63.81% |      141139     12.07%     75.88% |      137850     11.79%     87.68% |      144072     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Unblock::total      1169040                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
