
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.670676                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3670676357000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8890807214000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 550621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1001121                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              916954315                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1796780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4003.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2204201119                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4007605109                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3782464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3782464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3652160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3652160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        59101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              59101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        57065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             57065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1030454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1030454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       994956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              994956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2025410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2025410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      59101                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     57065                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    59101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   57065                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3760768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  21696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3647616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3782464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3652160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   85                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             3633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            3955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            3966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            3467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            3666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             3627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            3463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       29                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3671595124500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                59101                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               57065                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  58759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  3402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  3460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  3484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  3474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  3453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  3475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  3461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  3512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  3621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  3534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  3488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  3463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  3414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  3397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  3381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  3391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        33980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.020012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.272860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   182.314035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10597     31.19%     31.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10771     31.70%     62.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6818     20.06%     82.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3480     10.24%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1020      3.00%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          397      1.17%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          247      0.73%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          197      0.58%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          453      1.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        33980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.573094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.208526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            199      5.95%      5.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            34      1.02%      6.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2868     85.74%     92.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          148      4.42%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           57      1.70%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           15      0.45%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            7      0.21%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      0.18%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            2      0.06%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.06%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         3345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.038565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.656317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     5.177184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3143     93.96%     93.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           29      0.87%     94.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            6      0.18%     95.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.15%     95.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           21      0.63%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           10      0.30%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           17      0.51%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           20      0.60%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           22      0.66%     97.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            4      0.12%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            7      0.21%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            9      0.27%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.30%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.21%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.03%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.09%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           14      0.42%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.12%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.06%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            4      0.12%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         3345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4096877000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             5198664500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 293810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    69719.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               88469.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     22.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   39822                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  41953                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                67.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               73.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  31606452.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               165248160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                87827685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              330546300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             169905780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        13861975920.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          4162509930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           813563520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    34696804590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    19343419680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2103631339380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2177267733375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           244.889770                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        3663890792750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1031389250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3843752000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3581929888500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32959904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2813644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  49007361750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               151853520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                80712060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              329775180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             169201080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        13118261520.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          4141295670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           728117760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    33463428330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17983984800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2104972582680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2175144219390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           244.650926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        3666148483750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    964793000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3870308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3583524059750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  33229655750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2991413000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  49431192750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3756672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3756672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3644288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3644288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        58698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              58698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        56942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             56942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1023428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1023428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       992811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              992811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2016239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2016239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      58698                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     56942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    58698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   56942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3742528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  14144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3645184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3756672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3644288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   221                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             3607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            3967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            3964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            3479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            3681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       83                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3674001831500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                58698                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               56942                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  58477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  3373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  3421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  3494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  3473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  3417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  3483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  3428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  3482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  3570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  3454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  3382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  3390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  3363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  3344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  3332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  3333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        33515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.430016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.430165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.892000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10453     31.19%     31.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10604     31.64%     62.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5794     17.29%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4229     12.62%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1080      3.22%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          446      1.33%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          242      0.72%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          218      0.65%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          449      1.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        33515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.567568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.066659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            184      5.53%      5.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            36      1.08%      6.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2841     85.32%     91.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          179      5.38%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           49      1.47%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           16      0.48%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            8      0.24%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            3      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            3      0.09%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            4      0.12%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            3      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         3330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.103904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.663284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     5.883367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3137     94.20%     94.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           28      0.84%     95.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            5      0.15%     95.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.15%     95.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           14      0.42%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           10      0.30%     96.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           25      0.75%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.27%     97.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.51%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            7      0.21%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           15      0.45%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.12%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.18%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            6      0.18%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.03%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.06%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           20      0.60%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.06%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.06%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.12%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            2      0.06%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.09%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         3330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4045878000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             5142321750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 292385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    69187.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               87937.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     29.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   39835                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  42083                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               73.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  31771029.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               160557180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                85338165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              328397160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             169185420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        13570636560.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          4203937530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           837543360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    33907016010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18859894080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2104246633050                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2176372025175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           244.789023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        3666360208250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1103637000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3798502000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3585706393250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32620125000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2956885500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  48033690000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               151732140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                80647545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              330017940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             169368120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        13089373440.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          4145182500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           739777920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    33461020080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17859210720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2105036715735                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2175067043370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           244.642246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        3666176070750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    998690500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3853778000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3583896189000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32945915000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2937617250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  49369581750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3755648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           3755648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3635584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3635584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        58682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              58682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        56806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             56806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1023149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1023149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       990440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              990440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2013589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             2013589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      58682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     56806                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    58682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   56806                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               3741376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  14272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3635456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                3755648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3635584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             3634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             3706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             3676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             3689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             3630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             3591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             3518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             3396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             3687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            3937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            3464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            3670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            3685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            3604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       66                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3672662063000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                58682                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               56806                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  58459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  3367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  3430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  3482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  3461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  3406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  3468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  3427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  3487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  3540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  3419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  3375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  3368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  3357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  3343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  3332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  3323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        33500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.203940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.606924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.010866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11069     33.04%     33.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9905     29.57%     62.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5575     16.64%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4464     13.33%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1173      3.50%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          448      1.34%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          243      0.73%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          190      0.57%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          433      1.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        33500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.607831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.349791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            179      5.39%      5.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            38      1.14%      6.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2830     85.24%     91.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          192      5.78%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           40      1.20%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           15      0.45%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            6      0.18%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      0.18%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            4      0.12%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      0.09%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            4      0.12%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         3320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.109639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.673995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     5.710556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3130     94.28%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           23      0.69%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      0.12%     95.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.15%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           10      0.30%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           11      0.33%     95.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           25      0.75%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           10      0.30%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           15      0.45%     97.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.24%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           19      0.57%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            4      0.12%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.27%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.09%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.09%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.09%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           18      0.54%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            4      0.12%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.03%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.06%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            2      0.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.06%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         3320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  4088158495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             5184264745                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 292295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    69932.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               88682.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   40010                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  41753                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                68.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  31801243.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               159736080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                84901740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              326904900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             168282360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        13593992880.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          4140656700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy           841736160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy    33666537000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18908075040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2104436834130                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2176330978350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           244.784408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime        3664834920250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1138168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3821892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3584036839250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32822660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2852692000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  47977134750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               151132380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                80328765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              328932660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             168872220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        13032826560.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          4171902960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy           744311520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy    33123052830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17763697920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2105272825350                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2174841958815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           244.616929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime        3665733967000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1008309500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3842186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3584389154750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32765138500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3083136250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  48911426000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3749952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           3749952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3647424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3647424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        58593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              58593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        56991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             56991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1021597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1021597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       993665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              993665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2015262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             2015262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      58593                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     56991                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    58593                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   56991                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               3736576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  13376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3647104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                3749952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3647424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             3621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             3726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             3677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             3656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             3628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             3588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             3474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             3390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             3698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            3989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            3457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            3652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            3651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            3612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       66                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3670675663000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                58593                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               56991                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  58384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  3372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  3443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  3502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  3478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  3442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  3504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  3451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  3489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  3553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  3442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  3387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  3376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  3361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  3341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  3333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  3341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                   103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        32756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.414581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.623937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.364186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11087     33.85%     33.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9053     27.64%     61.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5570     17.00%     78.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4226     12.90%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1460      4.46%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          449      1.37%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          259      0.79%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          209      0.64%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          443      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        32756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.557895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.284504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            174      5.23%      5.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            39      1.17%      6.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2869     86.29%     92.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          154      4.63%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           47      1.41%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           16      0.48%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            7      0.21%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            5      0.15%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            5      0.15%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.06%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            3      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         3325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.138647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.682855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     5.890576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3135     94.29%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           26      0.78%     95.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.06%     95.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            4      0.12%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           12      0.36%     95.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.27%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.60%     96.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::30-31           12      0.36%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           19      0.57%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::34-35           13      0.39%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           14      0.42%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.03%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            8      0.24%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.09%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.12%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.51%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.09%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.03%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.06%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.09%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.12%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.09%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            3      0.09%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         3325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4077727000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             5172427000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 291920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    69843.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               88593.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     23.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   40219                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  42395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                68.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               74.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  31757645.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               155216460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                82499505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              327811680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             169258500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        13487660160.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          4205836200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy           838329600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy    33025170720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18845472960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2104787797380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2175928256145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           244.739111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime        3662721581250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1150580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3803164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3582939791000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32911090750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2963126250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  46909925000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               148819020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                79095390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              329218260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             169023600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        12767916720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          4005199050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy           719231040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy    32664955230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17308437120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2105846104710                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2174041865070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           244.526938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime        3666702571750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    955605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3737096000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3587058431750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  31786345750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2832082250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  47859808250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      3744448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           3744448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl4      3627392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        3627392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl4        58507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              58507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl4        56678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             56678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl4      1020098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              1020098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl4       988208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total              988208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl4      2008306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             2008306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                      58507                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                     56678                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    58507                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                   56678                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               3731392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                  13056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                3627456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                3744448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             3627392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                   204                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             3698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             3591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             3688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             3667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             3639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             3449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8             3363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9             3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            3937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            3969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            3485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            3634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            3649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0             3640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1             3606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2             3439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3             3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4             3449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5             3497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6             3420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7             3359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8             3514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9             3735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            3883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            3437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            3478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            3452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            3261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                       67                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 3674233693000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                58507                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6               56678                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                  58303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                  3368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                  3421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                  3478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                  3462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                  3423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                  3488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                  3436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                  3483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                  3537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                  3423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                  3353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                  3348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                  3346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                  3332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                  3321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                  3322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples        31782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.531307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.919549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.882882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10727     33.75%     33.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8379     26.36%     60.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5353     16.84%     76.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3808     11.98%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2187      6.88%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::640-767          419      1.32%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::768-895          243      0.76%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          209      0.66%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          457      1.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total        31782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.646489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.032237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            170      5.15%      5.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            34      1.03%      6.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2835     85.81%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          174      5.27%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           53      1.60%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           13      0.39%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            6      0.18%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            3      0.09%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            4      0.12%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      0.09%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.06%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total         3304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.154661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.683021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     6.053400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3120     94.43%     94.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           24      0.73%     95.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.06%     95.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            3      0.09%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            9      0.27%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            8      0.24%     95.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           25      0.76%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.27%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.51%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.27%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           16      0.48%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.06%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            9      0.27%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.09%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.09%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.03%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           16      0.48%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.09%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.03%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.03%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            3      0.09%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.03%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.03%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            3      0.09%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.15%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.06%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::90-91            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::104-105            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total         3304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                  4097425000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat             5190606250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 291515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    70278.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               89028.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     1.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     26.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                   41140                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                  42057                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                70.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               74.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  31898543.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   72.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy               153859860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                81770865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy              326719260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy             168209280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        13140388560.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy          4138175490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy           795733920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy    31545770490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18599142240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2105763261975                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy          2174716172910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           244.602781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime        3666571959000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1024605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3642336000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3590783545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32247613750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2986124500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  43540923250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy               143442600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                76237755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy              328390020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy             168391980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        12614256720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy          4053635370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy           730497600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy    30901801590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17584542240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2106649663005                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy          2173253752110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           244.438294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime        3666588799750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    989199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3678172000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3589929171500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32643405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2971062750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  44016223000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      3739136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           3739136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl5      3632064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        3632064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl5        58424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              58424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl5        56751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             56751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl5      1018650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              1018650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl5       989481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total              989481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl5      2008131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             2008131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                      58424                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                     56751                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    58424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                   56751                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               3726592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                  12544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                3632000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                3739136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             3632064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                   196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             3579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             3699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             3691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             3675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             3646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             3594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             3479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8             3356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9             3689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            3940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            3450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            3657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            3598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0             3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1             3601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2             3436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3             3600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4             3480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5             3540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6             3470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7             3390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8             3520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9             3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            3940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            3903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            3402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            3491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            3417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            3236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                       81                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 3671696945000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                58424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6               56751                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                  58228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                  3363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                  3427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                  3492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                  3464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                  3427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                  3485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                  3440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                  3491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                  3557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                  3447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                  3380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                  3386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                  3369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                  3333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                  3319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                  3321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples        30874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   238.336464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.208599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.705610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9866     31.96%     31.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8336     27.00%     58.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5293     17.14%     76.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3325     10.77%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2693      8.72%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::640-767          447      1.45%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::768-895          266      0.86%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          199      0.64%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          449      1.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total        30874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.607499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.100035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            171      5.17%      5.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            30      0.91%      6.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2840     85.88%     91.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          180      5.44%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           44      1.33%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           19      0.57%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            3      0.09%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      0.18%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            2      0.06%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            2      0.06%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      0.18%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         3307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.160568                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.687611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     6.085888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3119     94.32%     94.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           24      0.73%     95.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      0.09%     95.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.15%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            9      0.27%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            8      0.24%     95.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           27      0.82%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            9      0.27%     96.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           21      0.64%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            6      0.18%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           15      0.45%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.09%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.18%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            3      0.09%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.09%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           19      0.57%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.09%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.06%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.06%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.03%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.06%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.12%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.03%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::70-71            1      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.12%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::76-77            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         3307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                  4113946500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat             5205721500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 291140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    70652.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               89402.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     1.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     27.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                   41939                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                  42164                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                72.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               74.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  31879287.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   73.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy               152410440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                81004275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy              327561780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy             168793920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        13101666240.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy          4045734030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy           837245280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy    30378727980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy    19047178560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2106196564725                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy          2174340157260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           244.560489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime        3664141539250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1153388750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3598558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3590632874750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  33137270750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2787375250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  40371433000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy               139365660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                74074605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy              327697440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy             168146640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        12410810880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy          3973353150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy           733069920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy    29486997180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17742377280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2107358124060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy          2172415980645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           244.344065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime        3666712100500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1022955250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3598826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3592901503000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32963992500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2887850250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  40850983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      3747904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           3747904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl6      3620224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        3620224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl6        58561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              58561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl6        56566                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             56566                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl6      1021039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              1021039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl6       986255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total              986255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl6      2007294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             2007294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                      58561                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                     56566                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    58561                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                   56566                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               3737152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                  10752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                3619392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                3747904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             3620224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                   168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             3614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             3612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             3667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             3690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             3652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             3620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             3482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8             3352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9             3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            3945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            3963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            3479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            3650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            3648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            3601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0             3627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1             3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2             3442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3             3549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4             3457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5             3498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6             3423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7             3382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9             3726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            3886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            3428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            3464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            3429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                       78                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 3670673402000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                58561                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6               56566                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                  58393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                  3346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                  3406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                  3475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                  3453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                  3410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                  3479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                  3421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                  3468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                  3539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                  3426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                  3351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                  3364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                  3345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                  3313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                  3310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                  3308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples        30661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   239.931640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.546597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.259573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9635     31.42%     31.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8414     27.44%     58.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5203     16.97%     75.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3133     10.22%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2937      9.58%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::640-767          446      1.45%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::768-895          248      0.81%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          187      0.61%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          458      1.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total        30661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.707613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.323046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            169      5.13%      5.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            33      1.00%      6.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2827     85.74%     91.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          181      5.49%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           49      1.49%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           15      0.45%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            5      0.15%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            3      0.09%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            6      0.18%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.03%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      0.09%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total         3297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.152866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.680803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     6.138050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3113     94.42%     94.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           21      0.64%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            2      0.06%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            7      0.21%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           12      0.36%     95.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            7      0.21%     95.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           26      0.79%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            4      0.12%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           22      0.67%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            9      0.27%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           12      0.36%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.06%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           10      0.30%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.12%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            3      0.09%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.03%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           18      0.55%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.09%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.03%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.06%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.03%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.03%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            2      0.06%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            3      0.09%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.12%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.09%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total         3297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                  4155669250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat             5250538000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 291965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    71167.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               89917.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     1.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                   42460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                  41825                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                72.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               73.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  31883688.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   73.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy               150004260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                79725360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy              326790660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy             167843880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        12934484160.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy          4033375860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy           809785920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy    29623611930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18868616160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2106736964280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy          2173734213690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           244.492335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime        3663188527500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1080695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3553112000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3591086705750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32820643000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2851067500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39284848250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy               138987240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                73873470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy              327518940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy             167734260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        12202447920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy          3980189160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy           727465440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy    28649957880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17476428000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2107955986425                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy          2171702454345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           244.263811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime        3666097642000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1010719500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3520930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3594763667250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32390886750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3021537750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39301719750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      3748416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           3748416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl7      3629632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        3629632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl7        58569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              58569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl7        56713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             56713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl7      1021179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              1021179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl7       988818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total              988818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl7      2009997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             2009997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                      58569                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                     56713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    58569                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                   56713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               3736768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                  11648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                3629632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                3748416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             3629632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                   182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             3639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             3681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             3633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             3624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             3478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8             3369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9             3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            3941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            3470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            3630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0             3639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1             3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2             3414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3             3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4             3471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5             3524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6             3487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7             3362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8             3519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9             3736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            3926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            3417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            3481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            3422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            3238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                       59                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 3670675565500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                58569                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6               56713                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                  58387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                  3356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                  3411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                  3484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                  3462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                  3433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                  3500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                  3441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                  3485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                  3550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                  3443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                  3384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                  3393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                  3369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                  3338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                  3322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                  3324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples        30837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   238.881863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.419785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   199.315105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9649     31.29%     31.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8472     27.47%     58.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5463     17.72%     76.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2950      9.57%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3042      9.86%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::640-767          369      1.20%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::768-895          258      0.84%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          203      0.66%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          431      1.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total        30837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.645512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.117509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0-7            175      5.29%      5.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            33      1.00%      6.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2838     85.77%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          171      5.17%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           57      1.72%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           14      0.42%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            4      0.12%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            3      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      0.15%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            1      0.03%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            2      0.06%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total         3309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.139015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.673118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     6.082317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         3130     94.59%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18-19           17      0.51%     95.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            1      0.03%     95.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      0.15%     95.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           12      0.36%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            9      0.27%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::28-29           27      0.82%     96.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            7      0.21%     96.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           20      0.60%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            8      0.24%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::36-37           14      0.42%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.09%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            4      0.12%     98.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.15%     98.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.03%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::48-49           17      0.51%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            6      0.18%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.06%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            2      0.06%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.06%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::60-61            2      0.06%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.03%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      0.12%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            2      0.06%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            1      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.06%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::82-83            1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::122-123            1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total         3309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                  4118130250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat             5212886500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 291935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    70531.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               89281.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        1.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     1.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     22.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                   42539                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                  41724                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                72.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               73.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  31840838.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   73.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy               150361260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                79915110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy              327633180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy             168506820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        12876708000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy          4077269280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy           835496160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy    29241766080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy    18836773440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy    2106920440320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy          2173518161790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           244.468034                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime        3663016339500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1142710500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF   3541594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 3591445965750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  32857386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2974921500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  38713866250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy               139172880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                73972140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy              327954480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy             168084000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        12295873200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy          3955896900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy           735348480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy    28401189930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy    17818345440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2107947521355                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy          2171865833625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           244.282187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime        3666182560750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1024030500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF   3564080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 3594209408750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  33250542250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2907362500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39051698500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  552299757                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  144143806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       146178                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        60793                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 2872086745                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17354                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 40                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           20                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    597322321.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   861433179.823478                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           20    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1132501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2133194500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             20                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3663264130574                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED  11946446425                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7341352714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 2061796647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   3734921665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           2953639742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1038784309                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   18212446                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    259886775                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  2953639742                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1038784309                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         5608455143                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        2261324900                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1256340719                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          983765054                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1567508834                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1163271302                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    691027407                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  546942853                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 144084554                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              23892892.849994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7317459821.150006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.996745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.003255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        301444694                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              5649209      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               2377368782     63.65%     63.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4495434      0.12%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    84603      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              656308318     17.57%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               295198335      7.90%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              123230321      3.30%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead          251744475      6.74%     99.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite          20854233      0.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                3734933710                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6238                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6238                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8833                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8833                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1794                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1794                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         8326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         9114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        30142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   33730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         7176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         7176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio        18228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port        10848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        37421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    44597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              6972000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7170484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4447500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy            10893341                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             2688883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            22665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          784                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3347456                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          896                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               19098058                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.759448                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.344987                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    17284880     90.51%     90.51% |         318      0.00%     90.51% |           0      0.00%     90.51% |           1      0.00%     90.51% |     1812723      9.49%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 19098058                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3569183105                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001464                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001015                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.038237                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3563956978     99.85%     99.85% |     5226127      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3569183105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3569183105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.050948                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003550                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.722478                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3569111479    100.00%    100.00% |       11423      0.00%    100.00% |       15260      0.00%    100.00% |        5271      0.00%    100.00% |       37025      0.00%    100.00% |        1617      0.00%    100.00% |         917      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3569183105                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3565215894                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3565215894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3565215894                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3967211                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.836572                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.236754                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   134.035886                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3895585     98.19%     98.19% |       11423      0.29%     98.48% |       15260      0.38%     98.87% |        5271      0.13%     99.00% |       37025      0.93%     99.93% |        1617      0.04%     99.97% |         917      0.02%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3967211                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5936.792730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.002876                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.009944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5939.141032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.001028                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.012621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5945.230995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000885                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5933.811265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5927.201925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000891                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.009148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5938.389568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5674.751893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.009149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5904.671378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.000892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  4000.088488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3500.000008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    693710902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3402812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    697113714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   2871504992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       564399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2872069391                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.486294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.000110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            6                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3985.968837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000463                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           222                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4822.049038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       469690                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59026                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       528716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000214                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   986.562945                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.004193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4798.273958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       424373                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        58698                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       483071                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   984.667716                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4831.806965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       431297                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        58682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       489979                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   985.689479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4813.210950                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       427142                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        58593                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       485735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   985.540452                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4844.028831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       432315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        58507                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       490822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   985.766847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4857.544409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       448010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        58424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       506434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   987.430814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4823.347617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       428766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        58561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       487327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   987.530501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time          500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4790.963505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       436558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        58569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       495127                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   987.601267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.002686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.001004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3485.968837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.001991                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2265.661604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000463                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.219331                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      3967211                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13443                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3967211                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3415760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3402692                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1812412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1590086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     31737688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    285639192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     27326080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     27221536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    130493664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12720688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4322.049038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.004193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3425.172467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000142                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1486.563024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.032985                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       587742                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1865                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       638442                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       523712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       457110                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       238918                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       218010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      4701936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45967824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4189696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3656880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     17202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1744080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4298.273958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3434.182013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000130                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1484.667825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.030448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       541769                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1685                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       592346                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       479441                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       413075                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       220146                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      4334152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42648912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3835528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3304600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15850512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1543424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4331.806965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3439.747263                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1485.689479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.030955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       548661                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       599094                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       490550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       424547                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       226030                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198516                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      4389288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     43134768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3924400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3396376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16274160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1588128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4313.210950                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3424.089789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1485.540627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.030698                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       544328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1593                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       594946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       482332                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       416388                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224881                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       191505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      4354624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42836112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3858656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3331104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16191432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1532040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4344.028831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3421.029999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1485.766856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers12.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.030905                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       549329                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1645                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       599634                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       487187                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       421375                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224705                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       196669                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      4394632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13160                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     43173648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3897496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3371000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16178760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1573352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4357.544409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3431.803727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1487.430817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers13.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.031654                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       564858                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1638                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       615236                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       497018                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       431305                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       229006                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202297                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      4518864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     44296992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3976144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3450440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16488432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1618376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4323.347617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3161.601453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000130                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1487.530525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers14.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.030579                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       545888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1684                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       596082                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       475397                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       409714                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       221570                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       188141                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      4367104                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13472                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42917904                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3803176                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3277712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15953040                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1505128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4290.963505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.002686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3384.494568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1487.601596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers15.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         1000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.031201                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       553696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1707                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       604039                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       495058                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       429178                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       227156                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202020                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      4429568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     43490808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3960464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3433424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16355232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1616160                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5436.792730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.009944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers16.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.002897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.003839                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        59026                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109982                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65100                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6794                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       472208                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7918704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       520800                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54352                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5439.141032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.012621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers17.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.001035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.003814                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        58698                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109275                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64682                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       469584                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7867800                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       517456                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5445.230995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers18.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.000888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.003808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0        58682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109115                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64378                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       469456                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7856280                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       515024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5433.811265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers19.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.000895                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.003810                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0        58593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109211                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64353                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       468744                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7863192                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       514824                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5427.201925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.009148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers20.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.000911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.003797                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0        58507                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108812                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64168                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       468056                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7834464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       513344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5438.389569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers21.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.000899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.003796                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0        58424                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108802                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64077                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       467392                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7833744                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       512616                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5174.751893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.009149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers22.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.000911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.003795                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        58561                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108755                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64002                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       468488                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7830360                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       512016                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5404.671378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3500.088488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers23.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.000906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.003800                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        58569                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108912                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64175                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       468552                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7841664                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       513400                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3000.000008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers24.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.000365                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52560                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18432                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420480                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  2765.661604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000463                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3925.172467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000142                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1986.563024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3934.182012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000130                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  1984.667825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3939.747263                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1985.689479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3924.089789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  1985.540627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3921.029999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1985.766856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3931.803727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1987.430817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3661.601453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000130                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1987.530525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3884.494567                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  1987.601596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         1500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1500.002897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  1500.001035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time  1500.000888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  1500.000895                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  1500.000911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time  1500.000899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  1500.000911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  1500.000906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time         4000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.001004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time  2985.968837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time  3822.049038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time  2500.004193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers104.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3798.273958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2500.002810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  3831.806966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  2500.002590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers110.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3813.210950                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  2500.002565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  3844.028831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  2500.002616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time  3857.544409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time  2500.002607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  3823.347617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2500.002666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers122.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  3790.963505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  2500.002686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers125.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  4936.792730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  3000.009944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time  4939.141033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time  3000.012621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  4945.230995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time         3000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  4933.811265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  3000.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  4927.201925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  3000.009148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time  4938.389569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time  3000.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  4674.751893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time  3000.009149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  4904.671378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  3000.088488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  2500.000008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time  2485.968837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000134                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time  3322.049038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2000.004193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000062                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  3298.273958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2000.002810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  3331.806966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers031.avg_stall_time  2000.002590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  3313.210950                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  2000.002565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3344.028831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2000.002616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers038.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  3357.544409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  2000.002607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers041.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3323.347617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  2000.002666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  3290.963505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  2000.002686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers047.avg_stall_time         2000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time  4436.792730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2500.009944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers051.avg_stall_time  4439.141033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time  2500.012621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers054.avg_stall_time  4445.230995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  4433.811266                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers058.avg_stall_time  2500.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers060.avg_stall_time  4427.201925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2500.009148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers063.avg_stall_time  4438.389569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers064.avg_stall_time  2500.009146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers066.avg_stall_time  4174.751893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2500.009149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers069.avg_stall_time  4404.671379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers070.avg_stall_time  2500.088488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers26.port_buffers073.avg_stall_time  2000.000008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.019215                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0      4436271                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13443                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4840075                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3930695                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3402692                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1812412                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1642646                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0     35490168                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    348485400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31445560                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     27221536                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    130493664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     13141168                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        13308813                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        40329                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     14520225                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     22000161                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5437779                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5084850                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        106470504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       322632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1045456200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    176001288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    391520088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     40678800                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8890807214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.266442                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13443                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3967211                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3402498                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    285639192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     27219984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.172220                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3967211                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13262                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3402692                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1812412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1590086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     31737688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       106096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     27221536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    130493664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12720688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       528716                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59026                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59761                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       457110                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       238918                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       218010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4229728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4249872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       478088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3656880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     17202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1744080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.039091                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        59026                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1865                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       579416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       463951                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       472208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41717952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3711608                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024914                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       483071                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58698                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59401                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       413075                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       220146                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3864568                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4226256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       475208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3304600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15850512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1543424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035983                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58698                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1685                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       533648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       420040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       469584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38422656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3360320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       489979                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59114                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       424547                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       226030                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198516                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3919832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4225104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       472912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3396376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16274160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1588128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.036475                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       540412                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       431436                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       469456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38909664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3451488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025227                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       485735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58593                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59161                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       416388                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224881                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       191505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3885880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4218696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       473288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3331104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16191432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1532040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.036169                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58593                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1593                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       536353                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       423171                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       468744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38617416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3385368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025314                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       490822                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58507                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58964                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       421375                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224705                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       196669                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3926576                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4212504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       471712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3371000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16178760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1573352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.036495                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58507                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1645                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       541127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       428223                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       468056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13160                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38961144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3425784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       506434                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58948                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       431305                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       229006                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202297                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4051472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4206528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       471584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3450440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16488432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1618376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.037523                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1638                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       556812                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       438070                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       467392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40090464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3504560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024963                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       487327                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58561                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58865                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       409714                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       221570                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       188141                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3898616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4216392                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       470920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3277712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15953040                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1505128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.036195                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58561                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1684                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       537521                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       416532                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       468488                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13472                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38701512                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3332256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025587                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       495127                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58569                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59050                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       429178                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       227156                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202020                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3961016                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4216968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       472400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3433424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16355232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1616160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.036816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58569                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1707                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       545470                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       436008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       468552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39273840                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3488064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003604                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        59026                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50700                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7023                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6794                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       472208                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3650400                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        56184                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54352                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004074                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58077                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4268304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       464616                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003592                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        58698                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50577                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6966                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       469584                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3641544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004036                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58698                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57716                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4226256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       461728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003582                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        58682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50433                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6890                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       469456                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3631176                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55120                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004033                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4225104                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       459904                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        58593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50618                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6785                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       468744                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3644496                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54280                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004028                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58593                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57568                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4218696                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       460544                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003573                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        58507                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50305                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6849                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       468056                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3621960                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004021                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58507                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57319                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4212504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       458552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003577                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        58424                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50378                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6767                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       467392                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3627216                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54136                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004016                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58424                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57310                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4206528                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       458480                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003567                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        58561                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50194                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6821                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       468488                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3613968                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54568                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004024                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58561                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57181                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4216392                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       457448                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        58569                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50343                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6832                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       468552                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3624696                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54656                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004025                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58569                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57343                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4216968                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       458744                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000372                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18432                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000358                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52560                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       420480                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     0.266442                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13443                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3967211                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3402498                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       107544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    285639192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     27219984                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.link_utilization     0.026880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       528716                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59026                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59761                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       457110                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       238918                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       218010                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      4229728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4249872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       478088                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3656880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     17202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1744080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.link_utilization     0.024914                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       483071                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58698                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59401                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2       413075                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       220146                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192928                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      3864568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4226256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       475208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3304600                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15850512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1543424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.link_utilization     0.025435                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       489979                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58682                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59114                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       424547                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       226030                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       198516                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3919832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4225104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       472912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3396376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16274160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1588128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.link_utilization     0.025227                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       485735                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58593                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       416388                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224881                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       191505                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3885880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4218696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       473288                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3331104                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16191432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1532040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.link_utilization     0.025314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       490822                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58507                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58964                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       421375                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224705                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       196669                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3926576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4212504                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       471712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3371000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16178760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1573352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.link_utilization     0.025784                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Control::0       506434                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58948                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       431305                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       229006                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202297                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Control::0      4051472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4206528                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       471584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3450440                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16488432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1618376                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.link_utilization     0.024963                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Control::0       487327                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58561                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       409714                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       221570                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       188141                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3898616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4216392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       470920                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3277712                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15953040                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1505128                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.link_utilization     0.025587                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Control::0       495127                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58569                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59050                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       429178                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       227156                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       202020                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3961016                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4216968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       472400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3433424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16355232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1616160                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.link_utilization     0.003604                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Control::0        59026                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50700                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7023                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6794                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Control::0       472208                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3650400                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        56184                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.link_utilization     0.003592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Control::0        58698                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50577                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Control::0       469584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3641544                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.link_utilization     0.003582                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0        58682                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50433                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6890                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0       469456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3631176                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55120                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.link_utilization     0.003593                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0        58593                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50618                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6785                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0       468744                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3644496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54280                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.link_utilization     0.003573                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Control::0        58507                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50305                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6849                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Control::0       468056                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3621960                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.link_utilization     0.003577                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Control::0        58424                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50378                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Control::0       467392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3627216                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.link_utilization     0.003567                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Control::0        58561                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50194                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6821                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Control::0       468488                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3613968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.link_utilization     0.003576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Control::0        58569                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50343                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6832                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Control::0       468552                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3624696                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.link_utilization     0.000372                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        52304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       418432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle25.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      10772401                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.346125                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.992859                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8959598     83.17%     83.17% |         315      0.00%     83.17% |           0      0.00%     83.17% |           0      0.00%     83.17% |     1812353     16.82%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        10772401                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8312214                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000359                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.053540                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8311839    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |         370      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8312214                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         13443                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       13443    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           13443                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    526713162                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.130980                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.013559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.890284                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   526695670    100.00%    100.00% |        3662      0.00%    100.00% |        4144      0.00%    100.00% |        1353      0.00%    100.00% |        7845      0.00%    100.00% |         421      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     526713162                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    524386383                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   524386383    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    524386383                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2326779                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.650020                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.088275                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.539049                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2309287     99.25%     99.25% |        3662      0.16%     99.41% |        4144      0.18%     99.58% |        1353      0.06%     99.64% |        7845      0.34%     99.98% |         421      0.02%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2326779                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    140343940                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.707704                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.027324                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     20.263486                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   140292457     99.96%     99.96% |        7431      0.01%     99.97% |       11001      0.01%     99.98% |        3906      0.00%     99.98% |       27095      0.02%    100.00% |        1103      0.00%    100.00% |         840      0.00%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     140343940                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    139318160                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   139318160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    139318160                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1025780                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    97.825838                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.972210                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   216.498308                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      974297     94.98%     94.98% |        7431      0.72%     95.71% |       11001      1.07%     96.78% |        3906      0.38%     97.16% |       27095      2.64%     99.80% |        1103      0.11%     99.91% |         840      0.08%     99.99% |         105      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1025780                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2872069391                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.059574                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2872067029    100.00%    100.00% |         309      0.00%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |        1843      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2872069391                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2871504992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2871504992    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2871504992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       564399                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.736651                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.667264                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.392759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      562037     99.58%     99.58% |         309      0.05%     99.64% |          99      0.02%     99.65% |          11      0.00%     99.66% |        1843      0.33%     99.98% |          85      0.02%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       564399                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     22594590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.035958                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004076                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.444535                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    22594391    100.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     22594590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22563832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22563832    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22563832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30758                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    27.414526                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.845535                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    89.550481                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       30559     99.35%     99.35% |          21      0.07%     99.42% |          13      0.04%     99.46% |           1      0.00%     99.47% |         158      0.51%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        30758                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3731011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.121066                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015476                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.025090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     3730921    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3731011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3711516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3711516    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3711516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.169941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.901338                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.086295                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       19405     99.54%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           3      0.02%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |          84      0.43%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3731011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3731011    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      3731011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3731011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3731011    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3731011                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       59026     12.58%     12.58% |       58698     12.51%     25.10% |       58682     12.51%     37.61% |       58593     12.49%     50.10% |       58507     12.47%     62.57% |       58424     12.46%     75.03% |       58561     12.48%     87.51% |       58569     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       469060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       50700     12.56%     12.56% |       50577     12.53%     25.10% |       50433     12.50%     37.59% |       50618     12.54%     50.14% |       50305     12.47%     62.60% |       50378     12.48%     75.09% |       50194     12.44%     87.52% |       50343     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       403548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       59101     12.60%     12.60% |       58698     12.51%     25.11% |       58682     12.51%     37.62% |       58593     12.49%     50.11% |       58507     12.47%     62.58% |       58424     12.45%     75.03% |       58561     12.48%     87.52% |       58569     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       469135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       57065     12.56%     12.56% |       56942     12.53%     25.08% |       56806     12.50%     37.58% |       56991     12.54%     50.12% |       56678     12.47%     62.59% |       56751     12.49%     75.08% |       56566     12.45%     87.52% |       56713     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       454512                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total          256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6538     12.50%     12.50% |        6538     12.50%     25.00% |        6538     12.50%     37.50% |        6538     12.50%     50.00% |        6538     12.50%     62.50% |        6538     12.50%     75.00% |        6538     12.50%     87.50% |        6538     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        52304                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        7023     12.78%     12.78% |        6966     12.68%     25.47% |        6890     12.54%     38.01% |        6785     12.35%     50.36% |        6849     12.47%     62.83% |        6767     12.32%     75.15% |        6821     12.42%     87.56% |        6832     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        54933                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       59026     12.58%     12.58% |       58698     12.51%     25.10% |       58682     12.51%     37.61% |       58593     12.49%     50.10% |       58507     12.47%     62.57% |       58424     12.46%     75.03% |       58561     12.48%     87.51% |       58569     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       469060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          75    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           75                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        6365     12.49%     12.49% |        6365     12.49%     24.98% |        6373     12.50%     37.48% |        6373     12.50%     49.99% |        6373     12.50%     62.49% |        6373     12.50%     75.00% |        6372     12.50%     87.50% |        6370     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        50964                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          75    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           75                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        6365     12.49%     12.49% |        6365     12.49%     24.98% |        6373     12.50%     37.48% |        6373     12.50%     49.99% |        6373     12.50%     62.49% |        6373     12.50%     75.00% |        6372     12.50%     87.50% |        6370     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        50964                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       50346     12.52%     12.52% |       50404     12.54%     25.06% |       50268     12.50%     37.56% |       50453     12.55%     50.11% |       50140     12.47%     62.59% |       50213     12.49%     75.08% |       50028     12.44%     87.52% |       50175     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       402027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     12.91%     12.91% |         173     12.91%     25.82% |         165     12.31%     38.13% |         165     12.31%     50.45% |         165     12.31%     62.76% |         165     12.31%     75.07% |         166     12.39%     87.46% |         168     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1340                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        7023     12.78%     12.78% |        6966     12.68%     25.47% |        6890     12.54%     38.01% |        6785     12.35%     50.36% |        6849     12.47%     62.83% |        6767     12.32%     75.15% |        6821     12.42%     87.56% |        6832     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        54933                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       59026     12.58%     12.58% |       58698     12.51%     25.10% |       58682     12.51%     37.61% |       58593     12.49%     50.10% |       58507     12.47%     62.57% |       58424     12.46%     75.03% |       58561     12.48%     87.51% |       58569     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       469060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       50346     12.52%     12.52% |       50404     12.54%     25.06% |       50268     12.50%     37.56% |       50453     12.55%     50.11% |       50140     12.47%     62.59% |       50213     12.49%     75.08% |       50028     12.44%     87.52% |       50175     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       402027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     12.91%     12.91% |         173     12.91%     25.82% |         165     12.31%     38.13% |         165     12.31%     50.45% |         165     12.31%     62.76% |         165     12.31%     75.07% |         166     12.39%     87.46% |         168     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1340                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     12.91%     12.91% |         173     12.91%     25.82% |         165     12.31%     38.13% |         165     12.31%     50.45% |         165     12.31%     62.76% |         165     12.31%     75.07% |         166     12.39%     87.46% |         168     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1340                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total          256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        52304                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total            256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           52304                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total          256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        52304                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total          256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       52304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        52304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   526713162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    526713162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744072286654464    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072286654464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |   170400552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170400552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13443    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        13443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     3967150    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3967150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2326659    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2326659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1640552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1640552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     3402498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3402498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     2326778    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2326778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      564365    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       564365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1076006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1076006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       13171    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        13171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total          542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |18446744072286089216    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072286089216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      564442    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       564442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   322199781    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    322199781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      736638    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       736638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |     1590086    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1590086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   202186060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    202186060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   168587881    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    168587881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1812412    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1812412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2326659    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2326659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      564519    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       564519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1076033    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1076033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     3402498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3402498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       71606     12.69%     12.69% |       69994     12.40%     25.09% |       65350     11.58%     36.67% |       69320     12.28%     48.95% |       69446     12.30%     61.25% |       75128     13.31%     74.56% |       77607     13.75%     88.32% |       65948     11.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       564399                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      319086     13.71%     13.71% |      281223     12.09%     25.80% |      288559     12.40%     38.20% |      283187     12.17%     50.37% |      288387     12.39%     62.77% |      293962     12.63%     75.40% |      275284     11.83%     87.23% |      297091     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2326779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |      138024     12.83%     12.83% |      131854     12.25%     25.08% |      136070     12.65%     37.73% |      133228     12.38%     50.11% |      132989     12.36%     62.47% |      137344     12.76%     75.23% |      134436     12.49%     87.72% |      132088     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1076033                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      456928     13.43%     13.43% |      413074     12.14%     25.57% |      424546     12.48%     38.05% |      416386     12.24%     50.28% |      421374     12.38%     62.67% |      431303     12.68%     75.34% |      409711     12.04%     87.39% |      429176     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3402498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       50346     12.52%     12.52% |       50404     12.54%     25.06% |       50268     12.50%     37.56% |       50453     12.55%     50.11% |       50140     12.47%     62.59% |       50213     12.49%     75.08% |       50028     12.44%     87.52% |       50175     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       402027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7023     12.78%     12.78% |        6966     12.68%     25.47% |        6890     12.54%     38.01% |        6785     12.35%     50.36% |        6849     12.47%     62.83% |        6767     12.32%     75.15% |        6821     12.42%     87.56% |        6832     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        54933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59026     12.58%     12.58% |       58698     12.51%     25.10% |       58682     12.51%     37.61% |       58593     12.49%     50.10% |       58507     12.47%     62.57% |       58424     12.46%     75.03% |       58561     12.48%     87.51% |       58569     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       469060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       57723     12.59%     12.59% |       57543     12.55%     25.14% |       57323     12.50%     37.64% |       57403     12.52%     50.16% |       57154     12.47%     62.63% |       57145     12.46%     75.09% |       57015     12.44%     87.53% |       57175     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       458481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1684     12.70%     12.70% |        1685     12.71%     25.40% |        1626     12.26%     37.66% |        1593     12.01%     49.68% |        1645     12.40%     62.08% |        1638     12.35%     74.43% |        1684     12.70%     87.13% |        1707     12.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        13262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      457110     13.43%     13.43% |      413075     12.14%     25.57% |      424547     12.48%     38.05% |      416388     12.24%     50.29% |      421375     12.38%     62.67% |      431305     12.68%     75.35% |      409714     12.04%     87.39% |      429178     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      3402692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         708     23.27%     23.27% |         346     11.37%     34.65% |         330     10.85%     45.50% |         330     10.85%     56.34% |         330     10.85%     67.19% |         330     10.85%     78.04% |         332     10.91%     88.95% |         336     11.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         3042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        1005     12.55%     12.55% |         988     12.34%     24.89% |         995     12.43%     37.32% |         978     12.21%     49.53% |         990     12.36%     61.90% |         993     12.40%     74.30% |        1022     12.76%     87.06% |        1036     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         8007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       15765     12.85%     12.85% |       15295     12.46%     25.31% |       15397     12.55%     37.86% |       15390     12.54%     50.40% |       15191     12.38%     62.78% |       15232     12.41%     75.19% |       15331     12.49%     87.68% |       15116     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       122717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       42256     12.49%     12.49% |       42415     12.54%     25.03% |       42290     12.50%     37.53% |       42225     12.48%     50.01% |       42326     12.51%     62.52% |       42199     12.47%     74.99% |       42208     12.48%     87.46% |       42417     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       338336                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       70600     12.69%     12.69% |       69003     12.40%     25.09% |       64350     11.57%     36.66% |       68341     12.28%     48.94% |       68454     12.30%     61.24% |       74131     13.32%     74.57% |       76582     13.76%     88.33% |       64912     11.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       556373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.67%      1.67% |          82     68.33%     70.00% |          27     22.50%     92.50% |           1      0.83%     93.33% |           1      0.83%     94.17% |           6      5.00%     99.17% |           1      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        1683     12.71%     12.71% |        1682     12.70%     25.41% |        1625     12.27%     37.68% |        1590     12.01%     49.68% |        1644     12.41%     62.10% |        1635     12.35%     74.44% |        1680     12.68%     87.13% |        1705     12.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           3     15.79%     21.05% |           5     26.32%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           2     10.53%     63.16% |           4     21.05%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      303321     13.76%     13.76% |      265926     12.07%     25.83% |      273080     12.39%     38.22% |      267770     12.15%     50.37% |      273195     12.40%     62.76% |      278729     12.65%     75.41% |      259947     11.79%     87.21% |      281974     12.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      2203942                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       95768     12.98%     12.98% |       89439     12.12%     25.11% |       93780     12.71%     37.82% |       91003     12.34%     50.15% |       90663     12.29%     62.44% |       95145     12.90%     75.34% |       92228     12.50%     87.84% |       89671     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       737697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       50346     12.52%     12.52% |       50403     12.54%     25.06% |       50268     12.50%     37.56% |       50451     12.55%     50.11% |       50140     12.47%     62.59% |       50212     12.49%     75.08% |       50027     12.44%     87.52% |       50175     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       402022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        5340     12.81%     12.81% |        5284     12.67%     25.48% |        5265     12.63%     38.11% |        5195     12.46%     50.57% |        5205     12.49%     63.06% |        5132     12.31%     75.37% |        5141     12.33%     87.70% |        5127     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        41689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         172     12.96%     12.96% |         171     12.89%     25.85% |         164     12.36%     38.21% |         164     12.36%     50.57% |         164     12.36%     62.92% |         163     12.28%     75.21% |         163     12.28%     87.49% |         166     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1327                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      456928     13.43%     13.43% |      413074     12.14%     25.57% |      424546     12.48%     38.05% |      416386     12.24%     50.28% |      421374     12.38%     62.67% |      431303     12.68%     75.34% |      409711     12.04%     87.39% |      429176     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3402498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |         182     93.81%     93.81% |           2      1.03%     94.85% |           1      0.52%     95.36% |           1      0.52%     95.88% |           1      0.52%     96.39% |           2      1.03%     97.42% |           3      1.55%     98.97% |           2      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total          194                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       57723     12.59%     12.59% |       57543     12.55%     25.14% |       57323     12.50%     37.64% |       57403     12.52%     50.16% |       57154     12.47%     62.63% |       57145     12.46%     75.09% |       57015     12.44%     87.53% |       57175     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       458481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         172     12.96%     12.96% |         171     12.89%     25.85% |         164     12.36%     38.21% |         164     12.36%     50.57% |         164     12.36%     62.92% |         163     12.28%     75.21% |         163     12.28%     87.49% |         166     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1327                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           2     15.38%     61.54% |           3     23.08%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |         182     93.81%     93.81% |           2      1.03%     94.85% |           1      0.52%     95.36% |           1      0.52%     95.88% |           1      0.52%     96.39% |           2      1.03%     97.42% |           3      1.55%     98.97% |           2      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total          194                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        1683     12.71%     12.71% |        1682     12.70%     25.41% |        1625     12.27%     37.68% |        1590     12.01%     49.68% |        1644     12.41%     62.10% |        1635     12.35%     74.44% |        1680     12.68%     87.13% |        1705     12.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       15765     12.85%     12.85% |       15295     12.46%     25.31% |       15397     12.55%     37.86% |       15390     12.54%     50.40% |       15191     12.38%     62.78% |       15232     12.41%     75.19% |       15331     12.49%     87.68% |       15116     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       122717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1005     12.55%     12.55% |         988     12.34%     24.89% |         995     12.43%     37.32% |         978     12.21%     49.53% |         990     12.36%     61.90% |         993     12.40%     74.30% |        1022     12.76%     87.06% |        1036     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         8007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       42256     12.49%     12.49% |       42415     12.54%     25.03% |       42290     12.50%     37.53% |       42225     12.48%     50.01% |       42326     12.51%     62.52% |       42199     12.47%     74.99% |       42208     12.48%     87.46% |       42417     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       338336                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      457110     13.43%     13.43% |      413075     12.14%     25.57% |      424547     12.48%     38.05% |      416388     12.24%     50.29% |      421375     12.38%     62.67% |      431305     12.68%     75.35% |      409714     12.04%     87.39% |      429178     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      3402692                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
